comprehension  n. 理解；包含This was utterly beyond her comprehension.这完全超出了她的理解力。They turned to one another with the same expression of dawning comprehension, surprise, and relief.他们带着一样恍然大悟、惊奇、松了一口气的表情相互看了看。
involve  vt. 包含；牵涉；使陷于；潜心于Running a kitchen involves lots of discipline and speed.管理厨房需要讲究纪律和速度。If there was a cover-up, it involved people at the very highest levels of government.如果有掩盖真相的行为，它就牵扯到了处于政府最高层的那些人。I seem to have involved myself in something I don't understand.我似乎已经将自己卷入了我不了解的事情当中。Nasser and I do everything together, he involves me in everything.纳萨和我做什么事都在一起，他让我参与所有的事情。I don't want to do anything that will involve me in a long-term commitment.我不想做任何会使自己做出长期承诺的事情。
object  n. 目标；物体；客体；宾语He squinted his eyes as though he were studying an object on the horizon.他眯着眼睛，好像在研究地平线上的某个物体。...an object the shape of a coconut.…一个椰子状的物体。The object of the exercise is to raise money for the charity.此项活动的目的是为慈善筹款。The object of her hatred was 24-year-old model Ros French.她憎恨的对象是24岁的模特罗斯·弗伦奇。The object of great interest at the temple was a large marble tower built in memory of Buddha.那庙里使人极感兴趣的东西是一座为纪念佛陀而修建的大理石巨塔。A lot of people will object to the book.很多人会反对这本书。Cullen objected that his small staff would be unable to handle the added work.卡伦反对说，他职员少，将无法应付增多的工作。This was a very impressive programme in which money seems to have been no object.这是一项颇具影响的计划，钱似乎从来不成问题。
access  vt. 使用；存取；接近The facilities have been adapted to give access to wheelchair users.这些设施已经过改装，使轮椅使用者们能够进入。For logistical and political reasons, scientists have only recently been able to gain access to the area.因后勤与政治原因，科学家们直到最近才得以进入该地区。...a Code of Practice that would give patients access to their medical records.…一个给病人们使用自己病历权利的行业守则。He was not allowed access to a lawyer.他未被允许接触律师。You've illegally accessed and misused confidential security files.你已经非法获取并盗用了机密文件。
account  n. 账户；解释；账目，账单；理由；描述Some banks make it difficult to open an account.有些银行使开一个账户困难重重。All three Internet agencies boast they've won major accounts.所有的三家网络代理公司都夸口说他们已赢得了大客户。He kept detailed accounts.他保存了详细的账目。He gave a detailed account of what happened on the fateful night.他对那个决定命运的夜晚所发生的事情做了一个详细的报道。He is, by all accounts, a superb teacher.据说，他是一名优秀的教师。These obscure groups were of little account in either national or international politics.这些无名的组织在国内或国际政治中都是无足轻重的。He was ordered to pay the company $500,000 on account pending a final assessment of his liability.在对他的债务做最后的评估期间，他被命令先付这家公司50万美元。The president declined to deliver the speech himself, on account of a sore throat.那位总统由于嗓子疼拒绝亲自发表演讲。Mollie told me what she'd done and I was really scared on her account.莫丽告诉了我她做过的事情，我真为她感到害怕。Don't leave on my account.不要因为我而离开。On no account should the mixture come near boiling.这种混合物绝对不应当接近沸点。I told him if he withdrew it was on his own account.我告诉他，如果他退出那么他要自负其则。The defendant asked for 21 similar offences to be taken into account.该被告请求将21项相似的犯罪罪行考虑在内。Individuals who repeatedly provide false information should be called to account for their actions.反复提供虚假情报的人应为其行为而受到追究。We have been hindered by our lack of preparation, but I'm sure we will give a good account of ourselves.我们曾经为缺乏准备所阻，但我肯定我们会表现很好的。
claim  vi. 提出要求He claimed that it was all a conspiracy against him.他声称这完全是一个针对他的阴谋。A man claiming to be a journalist threatened to reveal details about her private life.一个自称是记者的男人威胁要公开她的私生活细节。An underground organization has claimed responsibility for the bomb explosion.一个地下组织已声称对炸弹爆炸事件负责。Now they are returning to claim what was theirs.现在他们回来索要原本属于他们的东西。Zhuang claimed the record in 54.64 seconds.庄创造了54.64秒的纪录。There is already a long list of people claiming her attention.已经有太多人需要她的关注了。Some 25 percent of the people who are entitled to claim benefits do not do so.大约25℅有资格索赔的人没有那样做。John had taken out insurance but when he tried to claim, the insurance company refused to pay.约翰拿出保险单，但当他试图索赔时，保险公司却拒绝赔付。Last time we made a claim on our insurance, they paid up really quickly.上次我们依据保险提出索赔时，他们赔付得很快。The union claimed a raise worth four times the rate of inflation.工会要求增长4倍于通货膨胀率的工资。They are making substantial claims for improved working conditions.他们就改善工作条件提出了实质性要求。The civil war claimed the life of a U.N. interpreter yesterday.昨天内战夺走了一位联合国译员的生命。He repeated his claim that the people of Trinidad and Tobago backed his action.他再三重复他所声称的：特立尼达和多巴哥的人民支持他的行动。Rival claims to Macedonian territory caused conflict in the Balkans.对马其顿领土的争夺导致了巴尔干地区的冲突She had no claims on him now.现在她无权向他索取什么了。
decline  n. 下降；衰退；斜面The number of staff has declined from 217,000 to 114,000.员工人数已从217000人减少到114000人。Hourly output by workers declined 1.3% in the first quarter.工人每小时的产量在第1季度下降了1.3%。He declined their invitation.他谢绝了他们的邀请。He offered the boys some coffee. They declined politely.他要给男孩们来些咖啡。他们礼貌地拒绝了。Official figures show a sharp decline in the number of foreign tourists.官方数字显示外国游客数量骤降。Thankfully the smoking of cigarettes is on the decline.感谢的是吸烟正在减少。Libraries are an investment for the future and they should not be allowed to fall into decline.图书馆是对未来的一种投资，不应该让图书馆衰落。
potential  n. 潜能；可能性；[电] 电势The company has identified 60 potential customers.该公司已确定了60位潜在的客户。We are aware of the potential problems and have taken every precaution.我们意识到了潜在的问题，已经采取了一切防范措施。Clearly this is a potentially dangerous situation.显然这是一种具有潜在危险的局势。The boy has great potential.这个男孩有很大的潜力。The school strives to treat students as individuals and to help each one to achieve their full potential.学校力图因材施教，并帮助每位学生发挥他们的全部潜能。John seemed as horrified as I about his potential for violence.和我一样，约翰对他的暴力倾向感到恐惧。The meeting has the potential to be a watershed event.这次会议有可能成为一次分水岭事件。
promote  vt. 促进；提升；推销；发扬You don't have to sacrifice environmental protection to promote economic growth.你们没有必要牺牲环保来促进经济增长。The government has pledged to give the promotion of democracy higher priority.政府已承诺要给民主的促进以更高的优先级。...a tour to promote his second solo album.…一场促销他第二张个人专辑的巡回演出。I was promoted to editor and then editorial director.我晋升为编辑，之后又晋升为编辑部主任。
avoid  vt. 避免；避开，躲避；消除The pilots had to take emergency action to avoid a disaster.飞行员们不得不采取紧急措施以避免灾难的发生。By borrowing from dozens of banks, he managed to avoid giving any of them an overall picture of what he was up to.通过向几十家银行借钱，他得以避免让任何一家了解他要做事情的全貌。She eventually had to lock herself in the women's restroom to avoid him.她最后不得不把自己锁在女厕所里避开他。The driver had ample time to brake or swerve and avoid the woman.该司机有足够的时间刹车或急转来避让那女子。
challenge  n. 挑战；怀疑The new government's first challenge is the economy.新政府面临的第一项挑战是经济。The demonstrators have now made a direct challenge to the authority of the government.示威者现已对该政府的权威性提出了直截了当的质疑。The new Germany must rise to the challenge of its enhanced responsibilities.新德国必须奋起应对更艰巨的挑战。Democratic leaders have challenged the president to sign the bill.民主党领导人对总统签署这项法案存有质疑。The move was immediately challenged by two of the republics.这项提案立即遭到了这两个共和国的质疑。Marsyas thought he could play the flute better than Apollo and challenged the god to a contest.玛息阿觉得他长笛吹得比阿波罗好，便向这位神发出挑战。He left a note at the scene of the crime, challenging detectives to catch him.他在作案现场留了一张纸条，挑衅侦探们去抓他。A third presidential candidate emerged to mount a serious challenge and throw the campaign wide open.第3位总统候选人上场郑重发出挑战，令这次竞选充满悬念。
current  adj. 现在的；流通的，通用的；最近的；草写的Under normal conditions, the ocean currents of the tropical Pacific travel from east to west.在正常情况下，太平洋热带洋流自东流向西。I felt a current of cool air blowing in my face.我感到一股凉气吹在脸上。A powerful electric current is passed through a piece of graphite.一股强大的电流被传导经过一块石墨。Each party represents a distinct current of thought.每个党派都代表一种独特的思想倾向。The current situation is very different to that in 1990.当前的形势与1990年大不相同。Twelve potential vaccines are currently being tested on human volunteers.12种潜在疫苗目前正在人体志愿者身上测试。Current thinking suggests that toxins only have a small part to play in the build-up of cellulite.流行的观点认为毒素只对脂肪团形成起很小的作用。
maintain  vt. 维持；继续；维修；主张；供养After the divorce, their father still maintained close contact with the boys.离婚后，他们的父亲仍和儿子们保持着密切联系。He has maintained that the money was donated for international purposes.他坚持说这笔钱是出于国际目的而捐助的。"Not all feminism has to be like this," Jo maintains.乔坚持认为，“并非所有的女权运动都得像这样。”The government was right to maintain interest rates at a high level.该政府将利率维持在一个高的层面是正确的。The house costs a fortune to maintain.维修这房子花费巨大。...the basic costs of maintaining a child.…供养一个孩子的基本费用。
range  n. 范围；幅度；排；山脉A wide range of colours and patterns are available.一系列各种各样的颜色和图案都有。The average age range is between 35 and 55.平均年龄范围是35至55岁。The 120mm mortar has a range of 18,000 yards.口径120毫米的迫击炮的射程是1.8万码。They range in price from $3 to $15.它们的价格在$3到$15之间变化。...offering merchandise ranging from the everyday to the esoteric.…出售的商品包括日常用品到少数人使用的特别物品。...the massive mountain ranges to the north.…连绵向北的巨大山脉。It reminds me of my days on the rifle range preparing for duty in Vietnam.这使我回想起在射击场上训练准备去越南服役的那些日子。He grazed his cattle on the open range.他在开阔的大牧场上放牧他的牛群。Cars are driven through the mess, splashing everyone within range.车子从泥泞中开过，把泥点溅到附近能溅得到的每个人身上。He was shot in the head at close range.他被近距离射中头部。
survey  n. 调查；测量；审视；纵览The council conducted a survey of the uses to which farm buildings are put.该委员会对农场建筑的用途进行了一个调查。Business Development Advisers surveyed 211 companies for the report.企业发展顾问为这份报告调查了211家公司。He pushed himself to his feet and surveyed the room.他站起来审视这个房间。...the organizer of the geological survey of India.…印度地质勘测的组织者。The city council commissioned geological experts earlier this year to survey the cliffs.该市议会今年早些时候委托地质专家们对这些悬崖进行勘测。
aware  adj. 意识到的；知道的；有…方面知识的；懂世故的Smokers are well aware of the dangers to their own health.吸烟者们都很清楚吸烟对其自身健康的那些危害。He should have been aware of what his junior officers were doing.他本该意识到自己部下在做什么。The 1980s brought an awareness of green issues.20世纪80年代有了环保意识。She was acutely aware of the noise of the city.她敏锐地感受到了城市的噪音。
community  n. 社区；[生态] 群落；共同体；团体He's well liked by people in the community.他很受社区人们的喜爱。The police haven't really done anything for the black community in particular.警方并没有特别为黑人团体做什么。Two of our greatest strengths are diversity and community.我们的两个最大优点是多样性和团体精神。
concern  vt. 涉及，关系到；使担心The group has expressed concern about reports of political violence in Africa.该集团已对有关非洲政治暴力的报道表示担忧。The move follows growing public concern over the spread of the disease.该行动是针对公众日益增长的对该疾病传播的担忧而采取的。The growing number of people seeking refuge in Thailand is beginning to concern Western aid agencies.日益增多的到泰国寻求避难的人数开始让西方援助机构感到担忧。Academics and employers are concerned that students are not sufficiently prepared for college courses.学术界和用人单位都担心学生们对大学课程没有做好足够准备。I didn't concern myself with politics.我不关心政治。The agency is more concerned with making arty ads than understanding its clients' businesses.这家代理商更关心制作附庸风雅的广告而不是理解其客户的生意。The bulk of the book concerns Sandy's two middle-aged children.这本书的主要部分讲的是桑迪的两个中年孩子。Randolph's work was exclusively concerned with the effects of pollution on health.伦道夫的作品全部讲的是污染对健康的影响。It was just a little unfinished business from my past, and it doesn't concern you at all.这只是我过去没有了结的一件小事，完全跟你没关。It's a very stressful situation for everyone concerned.这对所有相关人员来说都是一个非常有压力的情况。His concern was that people would know that he was responsible.他担忧的是人们会知道他应该负责任。If not a large concern, the Potomac Nursery was at least a successful one.虽不是一个大生意，波托马克幼儿园至少是一个成功的公司。Without her care and concern, he had no chance at all.没有她的照顾和关心，他根本就没有机会。The technical aspects were the concern of the Army.技术方面是军方负责的事。The receivers will always prefer to sell a business as a going concern.接管人总是更希望出售仍然在运营的公司。
contribute  vt. 贡献，出力；投稿；捐献The three sons also contribute to the family business.3个儿子也为家族企业做贡献。I believe that each of us can contribute to the future of the world.我相信我们每一个人都能为世界的未来做出贡献。The U.S. is contributing $4 billion in loans, credits, and grants.美国以信贷和赠与的方式捐助了40亿美元。Local businesses have agreed to contribute.当地的公司已经同意捐助了。Candidates for Congress received 53 percent of their funds from individual contributors.国会候选人接受的捐款中有53%来自个人捐助者。The report says design faults in both the vessels contributed to the tragedy.报道称两艘船在设计上的缺陷是造成悲剧的原因。
feature  n. 特色，特征；容貌；特写或专题节目Patriotic songs have long been a feature of Kuwaiti life.爱国歌曲长期以来一直是科威特人生活的一个特点。The spacious gardens are a special feature of this property.宽敞的花园是这处房产的一大特色。We are delighted to see the Sunday Times running a long feature on breast cancer.我们高兴地看到《星期日泰晤士报》刊登了关于乳腺癌的一篇长长的特写。...the first feature-length cartoon, Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs.…第一部故事片长度的卡通片《白雪公主和七个小矮人》。...one of the area's oddest geographical features - an eight-mile bank of pebbles shelving abruptly into the sea.…这个地区最奇怪的地理特征之一，一条8英里长的鹅卵石堤岸陡然倾斜伸到海里。His features seemed to change.他的容貌似乎变了。It's a great film and it features a Spanish actor who is going to be a world star within a year.那是一部精彩的电影，它由一位西班牙演员主演，他一年之内就会成为国际明星。The hour-long programme will be updated each week and feature highlights from recent games.这个一小时的节目将每周更新，重点介绍近期比赛的精彩部分。Jon featured in one of the show's most thrilling episodes.乔恩主演了该剧中最惊悚的几集之一。
ignore  vt. 驳回诉讼；忽视；不理睬She said her husband ignored her.她说她丈夫对她置之不理。Such arguments ignore the question of where ultimate responsibility lay.此类争论忽视了最终责任何在的问题。
impact  n. 影响；效果；碰撞；冲击力They say they expect the meeting to have a marked impact on the future of the country.他们说期望这次会议对国家的未来产生显著的影响。The plane is destroyed, a complete wreck: the pilot must have died on impact.飞机被毁，完全成了一堆残骸：飞行员一定在撞击中丧生了。Such schemes mean little unless they impact people.除非能对人们造成影响，否则这样的计划意义不大。...the sharp tinkle of metal impacting on stone.…金属撞击石头的刺耳叮当声。
pursue  vt. 继续；从事；追赶；纠缠He said Japan would continue to pursue the policies laid down at the London summit.他说日本将继续贯彻伦敦峰会上确定的方针。He will pursue a trade policy that protects American workers.他将努力实行保护美国工人的贸易政策。If your original request is denied, don't be afraid to pursue the matter.如果你最初的要求被拒绝了，不要害怕去追问这件事情。She pursued the man who had stolen a woman's bag.她追赶那个偷了一女士钱包的男子。
associate  vi. 交往；结交Through science we've got the idea of associating progress with the future.通过科学我们已有了将进步与未来联系起来的观念。I haven't been associated with the project over the last year.我过去一年不曾跟这个项目有关联。What would they think if they knew that they were associating with a murderer?如果他们知道了他们正与一个杀人犯打成一片，他们会怎么想？...the restaurant owner's business associates.…该餐馆老板的商业伙伴们。Be sure to get help from the sales associates before buying.在购买前一定要得到准销售人员的帮助。Mr. Lin is associate director of the Institute.林先生是该研究所的副主任。
character  n. 性格，品质；特性；角色；[计] 字符Perhaps there is a negative side to his character that you haven't seen yet.或许他性格中有你还未看到的消极一面。It's that kind of courage and determination that makes him such a remarkable character.正是那种勇气和决心使他成为这样卓越的人。The film is autobiographical and the central character is played by Collard himself.这部影片是自传式的，主角由科勒德亲自扮演。...a shopping list written in Chinese characters.…用汉字写的一张购物单。The financial concessions were of a precarious character.财政优惠具有不稳定性。Individuality is a valued and inherent part of the British character.个性是英国人重视并固有的特征。He's begun a series of personal attacks on my character.他开始对我的人品进行一系列的人身攻击。She showed real character in her attempts to win over the crowd.她在争取民众支持的努力中显示出了真正的人格力量。A soulless shopping centre stands across from one of the few buildings with character, the town hall.一座毫无生气的购物中心对面就是少有的几个别具特色的建筑物之一：市政厅。He's a nut, a real character.他是个怪人，一个真正与众不同的人。
communicate  vi. 通讯，传达；相通；交流；感染My birth mother has never communicated with me.我的生母从未与我交流过。Officials of the CIA depend heavily on e-mail to communicate with each other.中情局的官员们很大程度上靠电子邮件相互交流。Lithuania hasn't had any direct communication with Moscow.立陶宛与莫斯科还没有任何直接的交流。...use of the radio telephone for communication between controllers and pilots.…无线电话在控制员和飞行员联络中的运用。He was never good at communicating with the players.他从不擅长和队员沟通。Family therapy showed us how to communicate with each other.家庭疗法向我们展示了如何相互沟通。There was a tremendous lack of communication between us.我们之间极其缺乏沟通。Good communication with people around you could prove difficult.与你周围的人的良好沟通会被证明是很难的。They successfully communicate their knowledge to others.他们成功地把他们的知识传达给别人。
contact  n. 接触，联系Opposition leaders are denying any contact with the government in Kabul.反对党领袖们在否认同喀布尔政府有任何往来。Doctors I came into contact with voiced their concern.我打过交道的医生们表达了他们的关注。They compared how these organisms behaved when left in contact with different materials.他们比较了这些有机物在接触不同材料时如何表现。The cry occurs when air is brought into contact with the baby's larynx.当空气接触到婴儿的喉咙时，哭声就会响起。You must leave your full name and contact details when you phone.你打电话时必须留下自己的完整姓名及用于联络的详细资料。He was in direct contact with the kidnappers.他与绑匪有直接联络。How did you make contact with the author?你怎么跟这位作者联系的？Though they all live nearby, I lost contact with them really quickly.虽然他们都住在附近，我真地很快就与他们失去了联系。Contact the Women's Alliance for further details.请联系妇女联合会获取详情。Their contact at the United States embassy was Phillip Norton.他们在美国大使馆的联络人是菲利普·诺顿。
corporate  adj. 法人的；共同的，全体的；社团的；公司的；企业的...top U.S. corporate executives.…美国公司的高层管理人员。...a corporate lawyer.…一名公司律师。
enable  vt. 使能够，使成为可能；授予权利或方法The new test should enable doctors to detect the disease early.新的检验使医生能在早期发现该种疾病。The hot sun enables the grapes to reach optimum ripeness.炙热的阳光使葡萄能达到最佳成熟状态。...legislation which enables young people to do a form of alternative service.…允许年轻人通过一种替代性服务来服刑的立法。
expense  n. 损失，代价；消费；开支He's bought a big TV at vast expense so that everyone can see properly.他花了很多钱买了台大电视，这样人人都可以看清楚了。Her airfare and hotel expenses were paid by the committee.她乘飞机及住酒店的费用由该委员会支付了。Should architects continue to be trained for five years at public expense?建筑师继续受训5年应由公众付费吗？I think he's having fun at our expense.我看他是在拿咱们寻开心。According to this study, women have made notable gains at the expense of men.根据这项研究，女性以牺牲男性的利益为代价而取得了显著收益。The orchestra has more discipline now, but at the expense of spirit.该管弦乐队现在更有纪律了，但却牺牲了士气。Why go to the expense of buying an electric saw when you can borrow one?你能借到电锯，却为何去花钱买呢？
facility  n. 设施；设备；容易；灵巧What recreational facilities are now available?什么娱乐设施现在是可用的？One of the new models has the facility to reproduce speech as well as text.新款型中的一款有复制言语和文本的附加功能。He and Marcia shared a facility for languages.他和马西娅都具有语言天赋。
fund  n. 基金；资金；存款The concert will raise funds for research into AIDS.这场音乐会将为艾滋病研究筹集资金。...a scholarship fund for undergraduate engineering students.…一笔用于工程学本科生的奖学金专项资金。The Bush Foundation has funded a variety of faculty development programmes.布什基金会已经资助了各种教职工发展项目。The airport is being privately funded by a construction group.该机场正由一建筑集团私家资助。
specific  adj. 特殊的，特定的；明确的；详细的；[药] 具有特效的Massage may help to increase blood flow to specific areas of the body.按摩也许会帮助加快血液流向身体各个特定部位。There are several specific problems to be dealt with.有好几个特定问题要解决。She declined to be more specific about the reasons for the separation.她拒绝给出导致分手的更确切的原因。Send your resume with a cover letter that is specific to that particular job.将你的简历和专门为那份工作而写的附信一并寄送。Most studies of trade have been country-specific.大多数贸易研究一直都是针对某个国家的。
victim  n. 受害人；牺牲品；牺牲者Statistically our chances of being the victims of violent crime are remote.从统计上来看，我们成为暴力犯罪受害者的可能性是微乎其微的。He was a victim of racial prejudice.他是种族偏见的一个牺牲品。He described himself and Altman as victims rather than participants in the scandal.他把自己和奥尔特曼描述成这一丑闻的受害者，而不是参与者。
adapt  vt. 使适应；改编The world will be different, and we will have to be prepared to adapt to the change.这个世界将会不同，所以我们必须准备好适应变化。Shelves were built to adapt the library for use as an office.做了个书架，以便将这个图书馆改作一个办公室用。
appeal  vi. 呼吁，恳求；上诉；诉诸，求助；有吸引力，迎合爱好；（体育比赛中）诉诸裁判He appealed to voters to go to the polls tomorrow.他呼吁选民们明天去投票站。He will appeal to the state for an extension of unemployment benefits.他将呼吁国家延长失业救济。We intend to appeal the verdict.我们打算对此裁决提出申诉。On the other hand, the idea appealed to him.另一方面，这个主意对他有吸引力。He has a message from King Fahd, believed to be an appeal for Arab unity.他有个来自法赫德国王的口信，相信是对阿拉伯团结的呼吁。...an appeal to save a library containing priceless manuscripts.…为挽救一个藏有无价手稿图书馆的一次筹款努力。They took their appeal to the Supreme Court.他们上诉到了最高法院。Its new title was meant to give the party greater public appeal.其新的名字意在给予该党更大的公众吸引力。
approach  n. 方法；途径；接近He didn't approach the front door at once.他没有立即走近前门。When I approached, they grew silent.当我走近时，他们变得沉默了。At their approach the little boy ran away and hid.当他们走近时，那个小男孩跑开了并藏了起来。When Brown approached me about the job, my first reaction was of disbelief.当布朗为这份工作找我时，我的第一反应是不相信。He approached me to create and design the restaurant.他来找我创办并设计那家餐馆。There had already been approaches from buyers interested in the whole of the group.已经有一些对整个集团感兴趣的买主来接洽了。The Bank has approached the issue in a practical way.该银行已经务实地处理了这个问题。As autumn approached, the plants and colours in the garden changed.秋天渐近，花园里的植物与色调发生了变化。...the festive spirit that permeated the house with the approach of Christmas.…随着圣诞节的临近而弥漫在这所房子里的节日气氛。There is a need for understanding and cooperation as we approach the summit.在我们即将参加峰会之际需要理解与合作。Oil prices have approached their highest level for almost ten years.石油价格已几乎达到近十年来的最高水平。The path serves as an approach to the boathouse.这条小路是通向那个船库的一条路径。We will be exploring different approaches to gathering information.我们将探索收集信息的不同方法。
assume  vi. 假定；设想；承担；采取It is a misconception to assume that the two continents are similar.假设这两块大陆类似是种错误概念。If mistakes occurred, they were assumed to be the fault of the commander on the spot.如果出现了错误，它们就被以为是现场指挥官的错。Mr. Cross will assume the role of CEO with a team of four directors.克罗斯先生将担任由４位执行官组成的一个团队的首席执行官一职。He managed to assume an air of calm.他设法表现出一幅平静的样子。
available  adj. 可获得的；可购得的；可找到的；有空的Since 1978, the amount of money available to buy books has fallen by 17%.自1978年以来，可供买书的钱已减少了17%。The shop has about 500 autographed copies of the book available for purchase.这家书店有大约500本该书的签名版本可供购买。...the easy availability of guns.…获取枪支的容易性。Mr. Leach is on holiday and was not available for comment.利奇先生在休假，没空作评论。
cherish  vt. 珍爱The president will cherish the memory of this visit to Ohio.总统将铭记这次对俄亥俄州的访问。...the cherished dream of a world without wars.…久藏心中的梦想：一个没有战争的世界。He genuinely loved and cherished her.他真爱并珍惜过她。He described the picture as his most cherished possession.他说这张照片是他最珍爱的财产。Chinese people cherish their independence and sovereignty.中国人民珍视他们的独立和主权。Freud called into question some deeply cherished beliefs.弗洛伊德对某些人们一直深信不疑的观念提出了质疑。
combine  vt. 使化合；使联合，使结合The Church has something to say on how to combine freedom with responsibility.教会要讲一讲如何使自由和责任相结合。Relief workers say it's worse than ever as disease and starvation combine to kill thousands.援助人员说情况比以往任何时候都糟，因为疾病和饥饿致使数以千计的人死亡。David Jacobs was given the job of combining the data from these 19 studies into one giant study.大卫·雅各布斯分到的工作是把这19项研究中的数据合为一项大型研究。Combine the flour with 3 tablespoons water to make a paste.把面粉和3大汤匙的水混合起来做成一个面团。...an announcement by Steetley and Tarmac of a joint venture that would combine their brick, tile, and concrete operations.…一份由斯蒂特利和塔玛克公司发布的将要组建一个将他们的砖、瓦和混凝土生产业务合并起来的合资企业的通知。Their system seems to combine the two ideals of strong government and proportional representation.他们的体制似乎同时具有强有力的政府与比例代表制这两种理想状况。...a clever, far-sighted lawyer who combines legal expertise with social concern.…一位同时具有法律专业知识和社会责任感的聪明而有远见的律师。It is possible to combine a career with being a mother.同时既干事业又做母亲是可能的。
compound  n. [化学] 化合物；混合物；复合词They took refuge in the embassy compound.他们在大使馆围区内避难。...a military compound.…一个军事管辖区。Organic compounds contain carbon in their molecules.有机化合物的分子里含碳。Honey is basically a compound of water, two types of sugar, vitamins and enzymes.蜂蜜主要是水、两种糖、维生素和酶的混合物。...the big compound eyes of dragonflies.…蜻蜓的大复眼。Additional loss of life will only compound the tragedy.生命力的进一步丧失只会加重这一悲剧。The problem is compounded by the medical system here.这个问题被这里的医疗体制弄得更糟。
consult  vt. 查阅；商量；向…请教Consult your doctor about how much exercise you should get.咨询你的医生你应做多少运动。He needed to consult with an attorney.他需要和律师咨询。Consult the chart on page 44 for the correct cooking times.查阅第44页的图表找正确的烹调时间。After consulting with her daughter and manager, she decided to take on the part, on her terms.同她的女儿兼经纪人商量之后，她决定按她的要求接受那个角色。The two countries will have to consult their allies.两国得同各自的盟友协商。
contest  vt. 争辩；质疑Few contests in the recent history of boxing have been as thrilling.在近期拳击史上没有几场比赛曾如此惊心动魄。The state election in November will be the last such ballot before next year's presidential contest.11月的州选举将是明年的总统竞选前最后一轮这类投票。Your former employer has to reply within 14 days in order to contest the case.你的前雇主得在14天内做出答复以对本案提出抗辩。He quickly won his party's nomination to contest the elections.他迅速赢得了其党派的提名来参加竞选。
convey  vt. 传达；运输；让与When I returned home, I tried to convey the wonder of this machine to my husband.回到家之后，我设法让我丈夫知道这台机器的神奇之处。In every one of her pictures she conveys a sense of immediacy.她的每一张画都有一种直观性。
cultivate  vt. 培养；陶冶；耕作She also cultivated a small garden of her own.她还开垦了一个自己的小花园。...the cultivation of fruits and vegetables.…水果蔬菜的种植。He has written eight books and has cultivated the image of an elder statesman.他已写了8本书，并树立了一个政界元老的形象。...the cultivation of a positive approach to life and health.…积极的生活和健康观的树立。Howe carefully cultivated Daniel C. Roper, the Assistant Postmaster General.豪精心与邮政助理部长丹尼尔·C·罗珀拉关系。
despite  prep. 尽管，不管She has been under house arrest for most of the past decade, despite efforts by the United Nations to have her released.她在过去10年里大部分时间都被软禁，尽管联合国为她的释放一直在做努力。She told friends she will stand by husband, despite reports that he sent another woman love notes.她告诉朋友说，她将支持丈夫，尽管有报道说他在给别的女人递情书。
distinguish  vt. 区分；辨别；使杰出，使表现突出Could he distinguish right from wrong?他能辨别是非吗？Research suggests that babies learn to see by distinguishing between areas of light and dark.研究显示婴儿是通过区分明亮区域和黑暗区域来学会观看的。There is something about music that distinguishes it from all other art forms.音乐中一些因素使之有别于其他艺术形式。There were cries, calls. He could distinguish voices.有各种各样的哭声和叫喊声。他能从中分辨出声音。Over the next few years he distinguished himself as a leading constitutional scholar.在随后的几年中，他作为宪法学的权威学者而享有盛誉。
estimate  vi. 估计，估价Try to estimate how many steps it will take to get to a close object.估计一下需要多少步才能到达一个近距目标。I estimate that total cost for treatment will go from $9,000 to $12,500.我估计治疗费总额将在9千美元到1.25万美元之间。There are an estimated 90,000 gangsters in the country.这个国家估计有9万名歹徒。...the official estimate of the election result.…选举结果的官方估计。I hadn't been far wrong in my estimate of his grandson's capabilities.我对他孙子能力的判断没有太离谱。Quotes and estimates can be prepared by computer on the spot.报价和估价可以当场用电脑做出来。
exchange  n. 交换；交流；交易所；兑换We exchanged addresses.我们交换了地址。The two men exchanged glances.那两个人交换了眼神。He ruled out any exchange of prisoners with the militants.他拒绝考虑与好战分子交换囚犯。...the chance to sell back or exchange goods.…回售或调换货物的机会。There've been some bitter exchanges between the two groups.两组之间有过些激烈的争吵。There was an exchange of fire during which the gunman was wounded.发生了一场交火，其间那名枪手受伤了。...a series of sporting and cultural exchanges with Seoul.…与首尔的一系列体育和文化交流。It is illegal for public officials to solicit gifts or money in exchange for favours.公务员以提供便利来索取礼物或金钱作为交换是非法的。
exhaust  vt. 排出；耗尽；使精疲力尽；彻底探讨Don't exhaust him.别让他精疲力竭了。She was too exhausted and distressed to talk about the tragedy.她太疲惫和忧伤了，不想谈论那场悲剧。We have exhausted all our material resources.我们已用完了所有的物资。She and Chantal must have exhausted the subject of clothes.她和钱特尔肯定说尽了服装这个主题。...the exhaust from a car engine.…从汽车引擎排出的废气。The city's streets are filthy and choked with exhaust fumes.这座城市的街道肮脏不堪，充满了废气。
handle  n. [建] 把手；柄；手感；口实I turned the handle and found the door was open.我转动把手，发现门是开着的。...a broom handle.…一个扫帚柄To tell the truth, I don't know if I can handle the job.说实话，我不知道我能否做好这份工作。I think I would handle a meeting with Mr. Siegel very badly.我觉得我可能应付不了与西格尔先生的会谈。The family has criticized the military's handling of Robert's death.罗伯特的家人批评军方没有处理好罗伯特的死亡。She handled travel arrangements for the press corps during the presidential campaign.她负责安排新闻报道团在总统竞选期间的出行事宜。Wear rubber gloves when handling cat litter.捡拾猫粪时要带橡皮手套。He flew off the handle at the slightest thing.他为一点小事就突然大发雷霆。
indicate  vt. 表明；指出；预示；象征A survey of retired people has indicated that most are independent and enjoying life.一项对退休人员的调查表明，他们中的大部分人生活自立而愉快。Our vote today indicates a change in United States policy.我们今天的投票表明了美国政策的变化。Mr. Rivers has indicated that he may resign.里弗斯先生已经暗示他可能要辞职。He indicated a chair. "Sit down."他指着一把椅子说，“坐下。”Dreams can help indicate your true feelings.梦能代表你的真实情感。...an instrument used to indicate wind direction.…一台用于指示风向的仪器。
journal  n. 日报，杂志；日记；分类账All our results are published in scientific journals.我们所有的结果都发表在科学刊物上。...ads in The New York Times, the Wall Street Journal and other publications.…纽约时报、华尔街日报和其他出版物上的广告。Sara confided to her journal.萨拉在日记中倾吐心事。
media  n. 媒体；媒质（medium的复数）；血管中层；浊塞音；中脉It is hard work and not a glamorous job as portrayed by the media.这份工作很辛苦，并不是一份像媒体描述的那样令人向往的工作。They are wondering whether bias in the news media contributed to the president's defeat.他们正在想是否新闻媒体的偏见导致了总统的失败。media hype
project  vi. 设计；计划；表达；投射Money will also go into local development projects in Vietnam.资金也会流入越南本地开发项目。...an international science project.…一个国际科研项目。Students complete projects for a personal tutor, working at home at their own pace.学生们为个人导师完成课题研究，在家里按自己的速度工作。13% of Americans are over 65; this number is projected to reach 22% by the year 2030.13%的美国人在65岁以上；这个数字预计到2030年会达到22%。The government had been projecting a 5% consumer price increase for the entire year.政府一直在预计全年5%的消费价格增长。Bradley projects a natural warmth and sincerity.布拉德利表现出一种自然的热情和真诚。He just hasn't been able to project himself as the strong leader.他只是还没能把自己表现得是个强有力的领导。The team tried projecting the maps with two different projectors onto the same screen.该组尝试用两台不同的放映机将地图投映在同一屏幕上。...a narrow ledge that projected out from the bank of the river.…河岸边突出来的一块狭长的岩脊。
project  vi. 设计；计划；表达；投射Money will also go into local development projects in Vietnam.资金也会流入越南本地开发项目。...an international science project.…一个国际科研项目。Students complete projects for a personal tutor, working at home at their own pace.学生们为个人导师完成课题研究，在家里按自己的速度工作。13% of Americans are over 65; this number is projected to reach 22% by the year 2030.13%的美国人在65岁以上；这个数字预计到2030年会达到22%。The government had been projecting a 5% consumer price increase for the entire year.政府一直在预计全年5%的消费价格增长。Bradley projects a natural warmth and sincerity.布拉德利表现出一种自然的热情和真诚。He just hasn't been able to project himself as the strong leader.他只是还没能把自己表现得是个强有力的领导。The team tried projecting the maps with two different projectors onto the same screen.该组尝试用两台不同的放映机将地图投映在同一屏幕上。...a narrow ledge that projected out from the bank of the river.…河岸边突出来的一块狭长的岩脊。
responsible  adj. 负责的，可靠的；有责任的He still felt responsible for her death.他依然觉得对她的死负有责任。...the cabinet member responsible for the environment.…负责环境的内阁成员。I'm responsible to my board of directors.我向我的董事会汇报。He feels that the media should be more responsible in what they report.他觉得媒体应该对他们的报道更负责些。He urged everyone to act responsibly.他力劝每一个人做事要负责。You are too young for such a responsible position.对于这样一个责任重大的职位，你太年轻了。
retrieve  vt. [计] 检索；恢复；重新得到The men were trying to retrieve weapons left when the army abandoned the island.那些人正试图找回该军队撤离这个岛时留下的武器。He, the one man who could retrieve that situation, might receive the call.他这个惟一能挽回那个局面的人可能会接到这个电话。Computers can instantly retrieve millions of information bits.计算机能立刻读取数百万条信息。
schedule  vt. 安排，计划；编制目录；将……列入计划表He has been forced to adjust his schedule.他已被迫调整了日程安排。The jet arrived in Johannesburg two minutes ahead of schedule.那架喷气式飞机比预定时间提前两分钟到达了约翰内斯堡。Everything went according to schedule.一切都是按计划进行的。The space shuttle had been scheduled to blast off at 04:38.这架航天飞机计划于04:38发射升空。A presidential election was scheduled for last December.一场总统大选计划在去年12月举行。Ticket plans and a pricing schedule will not be released until later this year.售票计划和价目表要到今年晚些时候才会公布。
adopt  vt. 采取；接受；收养；正式通过The United Nations General Assembly has adopted a resolution calling on all parties in the conflict to seek a political settlement.联合国大会已采纳了一项呼吁所有冲突各方寻求政治解决的决议。The group is working to promote the adoption of broadband wireless access over long distances.该集团正在致力于推广远距离宽带无线访问的采用。There are hundreds of people desperate to adopt a child.有数以百计的人极其渴望收养小孩。They gave their babies up for adoption.他们放弃了自己的婴儿让别人收养。
ascribe  vt. 归因于；归咎于An autopsy eventually ascribed the baby's death to sudden infant death syndrome.一次尸检最终把这名婴儿的死亡归因于婴儿猝死综合症。We do not ascribe a superior wisdom to government or the state.我们并不将胜人一筹的智慧归属于政府或国家。
award  vt. 授予；判定The Institute's annual award is presented to organizations that are dedicated to democracy and human rights.该协会的年度奖授予致力于民主与人权的组织。...worker's compensation awards.…工人的赔偿金裁定额。She was awarded the prize for both films.她因这两部电影而获奖。We have awarded the contract to a New York-based company.我们已经把这份合同给了一家总部设在纽约的公司。
brand  vt. 铭刻于，铭记；打烙印于；印…商标于Winston is a brand of cigarette.云斯顿是一种香烟品牌。I bought one of the leading brands.我买了知名品牌中的一种。Joel Hatch brings his own unique brand of humour to the role.乔尔·哈奇把他自己独具一格的幽默带进了这个角色。I was instantly branded as a rebel.我立刻被归为造反者。The company has been branded racist by some of its own staff.这家公司被它自己的一些职员归为种族主义者。The owner couldn't be bothered to brand the cattle.主人懒得给这牛打上烙印。A brand was a mark of ownership burned into the hide of an animal with a hot iron.烙印是用烙铁烧在牲畜皮上的所有权标记。
cater  vt. 投合，迎合；满足需要；提供饮食及服务We cater to an exclusive clientele.我们满足一个特殊客户群的需求。Exercise classes cater to all levels of fitness.训练课照顾到各种健康状况。...shops that cater to the needs of men.… 经营男士用品的商店。...a full-service restaurant equipped to cater large events.…一家承办大型活动及提供全方位服务的饭店。
complain  vi. 投诉；发牢骚；诉说Miners have complained bitterly that the government did not fulfil their promises.矿工们已愤愤地抱怨政府没有兑现他们的承诺。The couple complained about the high cost of visiting Europe.这对夫妇抱怨了游览欧洲的高昂花费。I shouldn't complain, I've got a good job to go back to.我不该抱怨，我已有可回去干的一份好工作。"I wish someone would do something about it," he complained.“我希望有人能对此做点什么，”他抱怨道。He complained of a headache.他说他头疼。
conflict  n. 冲突，矛盾；斗争；争执Try to keep any conflict between you and your ex-partner to a minimum.尽量把你和前合伙人之间的争执控制到最少。...the anguish of his own inner conflict.…他自己内心矛盾的痛苦。...talks aimed at ending four decades of conflict.…旨在结束40年冲突的会谈。There is a conflict between what they are doing and what you want.他们在做的和你想要的之间存在冲突。Personal ethics and professional ethics sometimes conflict.个人道德与职业道德之间有时会相冲突。He held firm opinions which usually conflicted with mine.他持有坚定的、通常跟我的相冲突的观点。
conflict  n. 冲突，矛盾；斗争；争执Try to keep any conflict between you and your ex-partner to a minimum.尽量把你和前合伙人之间的争执控制到最少。...the anguish of his own inner conflict.…他自己内心矛盾的痛苦。...talks aimed at ending four decades of conflict.…旨在结束40年冲突的会谈。There is a conflict between what they are doing and what you want.他们在做的和你想要的之间存在冲突。Personal ethics and professional ethics sometimes conflict.个人道德与职业道德之间有时会相冲突。He held firm opinions which usually conflicted with mine.他持有坚定的、通常跟我的相冲突的观点。
confuse  vt. 使混乱；使困惑I always confuse my left with my right.我总是混淆左右。Use different colours of felt pen on your sketch to avoid confusion.在草图上使用不同颜色的毡笔以免混淆。My words surprised and confused him.我的话使他既惊讶又困惑。To further confuse the issue, there is an enormous variation in the amount of sleep people feel happy with.使这个问题进一步复杂化的是，人们感觉愉快的睡眠时间相差很大。
commit  vt. 犯罪，做错事；把...交托给；指派…作战；使…承担义务I have never committed any crime.我从没有犯过任何罪。This is a man who has committed murder.这是个犯了谋杀罪的男人。There are unconfirmed reports he tried to commit suicide.有未经证实的报道说他曾企图自杀。They called on Western nations to commit more money to the poorest nations.他们号召西方国家为最贫困国家拨更多的款。The company had committed thousands of dollars for a plan to reduce mercury emissions.该公司已经为了一项减少汞排放的计划调拨了数千美元。I would advise people to think very carefully about committing themselves to working Sundays.我会建议人们认真考虑答应周日工作。I'd like a friendship that might lead to something deeper, but I wouldn't want to commit myself too soon.我想要可能发展到更深层关系的友谊，但我不想太快做出承诺。He won't commit.他不会承诺。It isn't their diplomatic style to commit themselves on such a delicate issue.就如此微妙的问题表态不是他们的外交风格。Arthur's drinking caused him to be committed to a psychiatric hospital.阿瑟酗酒导致他被关进了一家精神病院。She had not committed anything to paper about it.她还没有把关于它的任何东西记在纸上。
commit  vt. 犯罪，做错事；把...交托给；指派…作战；使…承担义务I have never committed any crime.我从没有犯过任何罪。This is a man who has committed murder.这是个犯了谋杀罪的男人。There are unconfirmed reports he tried to commit suicide.有未经证实的报道说他曾企图自杀。They called on Western nations to commit more money to the poorest nations.他们号召西方国家为最贫困国家拨更多的款。The company had committed thousands of dollars for a plan to reduce mercury emissions.该公司已经为了一项减少汞排放的计划调拨了数千美元。I would advise people to think very carefully about committing themselves to working Sundays.我会建议人们认真考虑答应周日工作。I'd like a friendship that might lead to something deeper, but I wouldn't want to commit myself too soon.我想要可能发展到更深层关系的友谊，但我不想太快做出承诺。He won't commit.他不会承诺。It isn't their diplomatic style to commit themselves on such a delicate issue.就如此微妙的问题表态不是他们的外交风格。Arthur's drinking caused him to be committed to a psychiatric hospital.阿瑟酗酒导致他被关进了一家精神病院。She had not committed anything to paper about it.她还没有把关于它的任何东西记在纸上。
considerable  adj. 相当大的；重要的，值得考虑的To be without Pearce would be a considerable blow.要是缺了皮尔斯，那会是相当大的打击。Doing it properly makes considerable demands on our time.把这件事做得到位，要花我们相当多的时间。Children vary considerably in the rate at which they learn these lessons.孩子们学习这些课的速度差别相当大。
council  n. 委员会；会议；理事会；地方议会；顾问班子The city council has voted almost unanimously in favour.市议会几乎全部投了赞成票。...the National Council for Civil Liberties.…国家公民自由委员会。...the Arts Council.…艺术委员会。The permanent council of the Organization of American States meets today here in Washington.美洲国家组织常务委员会今天在华盛顿召开会议。President Najibullah said he would call a grand council of all Afghans.纳吉布拉总统说他将召开全阿富汗人大会。
crime  n. 罪行，犯罪；罪恶；犯罪活动He and Lieutenant Cassidy were checking the scene of the crime.当时他正与卡西迪中尉一起检查犯罪现场。...the growing problem of organized crime.…越来越严重的有组织犯罪问题。It would be a crime to travel all the way to Australia and not stop in Sydney.如果千里迢迢去澳大利亚而不在悉尼停留，那就是大错特错。
crisis  n. 危机；危险期；决定性时刻Natural disasters have obviously contributed to the continent's economic crisis.自然灾害显然促使了该大陆的经济危机。...someone to turn to in moments of crisis.…在危机时刻可以向其求助的人。
display  n. 显示；炫耀Among the protesters and war veterans proudly displaying their medals was Aubrey Rose.在抗议人群和自豪地展示勋章的退伍军人中的是奥布里∙罗斯。Most of the other artists whose work is on display were his pupils or colleagues.其他有作品展出的艺术家大多数是他的学生或同事。She displayed her wound to the twelve gentlemen of the jury.她向陪审团的12位男士展示她的伤痕。It was unlike Gordon to display his feelings.表露自己的感情这点可不像戈登。Normally, such an outward display of affection is reserved for his mother.通常，他只在他母亲前才情感外露。They started out by looking at the computer screens which display the images.他们从观看显示图像的计算机屏幕开始。...a display of your work.…你作品的陈列。...the fireworks display.…烟火表演。A hard copy of the screen display can also be obtained from a printer.屏幕显示的硬拷贝也可从打印机那里获得。
ease  vt. 减轻，缓和；使安心Anne was intelligent and capable of passing her exams with ease.安妮很聪明，能够轻易地通过考试。For ease of reference, only the relevant extracts of the regulations are included.为便于参阅，只收录了相关条例的摘录。She lived a life of ease.她过着悠闲自在的生活。Tensions had eased.紧张缓解了。I gave him some brandy to ease the pain.我给了他一些白兰地以减轻疼痛。I eased my way toward the door.我缓慢地向门口走去。He eased his foot off the accelerator.他慢慢地把脚从油门上挪开。It is essential to feel at ease with your therapist.与治疗师在一起时，关键是放松心情。He appeared embarrassed and ill at ease with the sustained applause that greeted him.他对持久的掌声显得尴尬、不自在。
efficient  adj. 有效率的；有能力的；生效的With today's more efficient contraception women can plan their families and careers.有了当今更为高效的避孕方法妇女们能够规划好自己的家庭和事业。I work very efficiently and am decisive, and accurate in my judgement.我工作高效、决策果断而且判断准确。
engage  vt. 吸引，占用；使参加；雇佣；使订婚；预定I have never engaged in drug trafficking.我从来没有从事过贩毒。They never learned skills to engage the attention of the others.他们从来没有学过吸引别人注意的技巧。They tried to engage him in conversation.他们试图使他加入谈话。She found it hard to engage with office life.她发现难以融入办公室生活。...the candidate's apparent lack of engagement with younger voters.…该候选人明显缺乏与年轻选民的接触。We engaged the services of a famous engineer.我们聘了一位有名的工程师来帮忙。
enhance  vt. 提高；加强；增加The White House is eager to protect and enhance that reputation.白宫急于保护并提高那声望。
establish  vt. 建立；创办；安置The UN has established detailed criteria for who should be allowed to vote.联合国就谁应当被允许投票确立了详细标准。We had already established contact with the museum.我们已经与那个博物馆建立了联系。Medical tests established that she was not their own child.医学检测证实她不是他们的亲生孩子。It will be essential to establish how the money is being spent.搞清这笔钱是如何被花费的将至关重要。That link is an established medical fact.那种联系是被证实了的医学事实。This is going to be the show where up-and-coming comedians will establish themselves.这会是一场很有前途的喜剧演员们将在此确立他们地位的演出。He has established himself as a pivotal figure in state politics.他作为国家政治中的一位轴心人物的地位已经确立。
expand  vt. 扩张；使膨胀；详述Engineers noticed that the pipes were not expanding as expected.工程师们注意到管子并未像预期的那样膨胀。We have to expand the size of the image.我们不得不扩大图像的尺寸。The popular ceramics industry expanded toward the middle of the 19th century.大众陶瓷业在19世纪中叶得到了发展。
expose  vt. 揭露，揭发；使曝光；显示Lowered sea levels exposed the shallow continental shelf beneath the Bering Sea.下降了的海平面使白令海底的浅大陆架露了出来。...the story of how the press helped expose the truth about the Nixon administration.…关于新闻界如何协助揭露尼克松政府真相的报道。They had not been exposed to most diseases common to urban populations.他们未曾遭遇城市人口常得的大多数疾病。A wise mother never exposes her children to the slightest possibility of danger.一个明智的母亲从不会置其孩子于丝毫可能的危险中。...local people who've not been exposed to glimpses of Western life before.…以前从未领略过西方生活方式的当地人。
grant  vt. 授予；允许；承认They'd got a special grant to encourage research.他们已得到了一笔用来支持研究的特别补助金。France has agreed to grant him political asylum.法国已经同意给予他政治庇护。Single parents tend to grant more independence to their children than other parents do.单亲父母往往比其他父母给予孩子们更多的自主性。The magistrates granted that the charity was justified in bringing the action.这些地方法官承认该慈善机构提起诉讼是有正当理由的。What right has the family to take me for granted, Martin?这一家子有什么资格认为我所做的一切都是应该的，马丁？I was amazed that virtually all the things I took for granted up north just didn't happen in Savannah.令我感到惊讶的是，我在北方视为理所当然的一切事物，在南美大草原上几乎都没有发生。He seemed to take it for granted that he should speak as a representative.他似乎理所当然地认为他应当作为代表发言。
individual  adj. 个人的；个别的；独特的...waiting for the group to decide rather than making individual decisions.…等待集体作决定而不是作单独的决定。...individually crafted tiles.…一块块单独制作的瓦片。...anonymous individuals who are doing good things within our community.…一些在我们社区里做好事不留名人士。It was really all part of her very individual personality.那确实是她非常独特个性的全部。
instal  vt. 安装；使就任；设置
lobby  n. 大厅；休息室；会客室；游说议员的团体The Wilderness Society lobbied Congress to authorize the Endangered Species Act.荒野协会游说国会批准《濒危物种法》。Agricultural interests are some of the most powerful lobbies in Washington.农业利益集团是华盛顿最有影响力的游说团体中的一部分。I met her in the lobby of the museum.我在博物馆大厅遇到了她。
observe  vt. 庆祝Olson also studies and observes the behaviour of babies.奥尔森还研究并观察婴儿的行为。Are there any classes I could observe?有我可以观摩的课吗？In 1664 Hooke observed a reddish spot on the surface of the planet.1664年，胡克观察到了那颗行星表面的一个微红的斑点。We observe that the first calls for radical transformation did not begin until the period of the industrial revolution.我们认为，首次要求彻底改革的呼声直到工业革命时期才出现。Imposing speed restrictions is easy, but forcing drivers to observe them is trickier.实行速度限制容易，而迫使司机遵守较难。The army was observing a ceasefire.军队当时在遵守一项停火协议。...where he will observe Thanksgiving with family members.…在那里他将与家人一起庆祝感恩节。
obvious  adj. 明显的；显著的；平淡无奇的...the need to rectify what is an obvious injustice.…纠正明显不公行为的必要性。Such an explanation seems too simple, and too obvious.这样的一个解释似乎太简单而且太没新意。
online  adj. 联机的；在线的...the first bank to go online.…第一家开通网上业务的银行。...an online shopping centre.…一个在线购物中心。You can chat to other people who are online.你可以与其他在线的人聊天。...the cool stuff you find online.…你在网上找到的好东西。
overseas  adv. 在海外，海外He has returned to South Africa from his long overseas trip.他结束了漫长的海外旅行回到了南非。If you're staying for more than three months or working overseas, a full 10-year passport is required.如果你在海外居留超过3个月或工作，须持有效期整10年的护照。Every year nine million overseas visitors come to the city.每年有900万的海外游客来到这座城市。
overwhelming  adj. 压倒性的；势不可挡的The task won't feel so overwhelming if you break it down into small, easy-to-accomplish steps.如果你把这个任务分解成一个个容易完成的小步骤，就不会觉得那么难以应对。The other women all seemed overwhelmingly confident.其他的女士们似乎都令人难以应对地自信。The overwhelming majority of small businesses go broke within the first twenty-four months.绝大多数的小公司在最初的24个月里破产。The people voted overwhelmingly for change.人们以绝对多数投票赞成变革。
personnel  n. 人事部门；全体人员Since 1954 Japan has never dispatched military personnel abroad.自1954年以来，日本再也没有向海外派遣过军事人员。There has been very little renewal of personnel in higher education.高等教育事业中人员更新很少。Her first job was in personnel.她的第一份工作是在人事部。
pursuit  n. 追赶，追求；职业，工作...a young man whose relentless pursuit of excellence is conducted with single-minded determination.…一个一心一意不断追求卓越的年轻男子。The vigorous pursuit of policies is no guarantee of success.政策的严格执行并非成功的保障。...a police officer who drove a patrol car at more than 120 mph in pursuit of a motorcycle.…一位开着巡逻车以120英里以上的时速追赶一辆摩托车的警官。They both love outdoor pursuits.他们俩都喜欢户外活动。
relieve  vt. 解除，减轻；使不单调乏味；换…的班；解围；使放心Drugs can relieve much of the pain.药物可以大大缓解疼痛。A part-time bookkeeper will relieve you of the burden of chasing unpaid invoices.一名兼职簿记员将使你摆脱追讨欠款的负担。At seven o'clock the night nurse came in to relieve her.7点钟时值夜班的护士进来接了她的班。The officer involved was relieved of his duties because he had violated strict guidelines.该名军官因违反了严格的准则而被解除了职务。
reveal  vt. 显示；透露；揭露；泄露She has refused to reveal the whereabouts of her daughter.她已拒绝透露她女儿的行踪。A survey of the American diet has revealed that a growing number of people are overweight.一项有关美国人日常饮食的调查表明越来越多的人超重。In the principal room, a grey carpet was removed to reveal the original pine floor.在主房间里，一块灰色的地毯被挪开了，使原有的松木地板露了出来。
revive  vi. 复兴；复活；苏醒；恢复精神...an attempt to revive the economy.…一次重振经济的尝试。His plays continue to be revived both here and abroad.他的剧作在国内外继续重新上演。She and a neighbour tried in vain to revive him.她和一个邻居试图使他苏醒过来，却没有成功。
routine  n. [计] 程序；日常工作；例行公事The players had to change their daily routine and lifestyle.这些运动员不得不改变他们的每日常规和生活方式。...a series of routine medical tests including X-rays and blood tests.…一系列包括X光和验血在内的常规医学检查。So many days are routine and uninteresting, especially in winter.太多的日子都是平淡和无趣，尤其是在冬季。...the mundane routine of her life.…她生活的平常乏味。...an installation routine.…一个安装程序。...an athletic dance routine.…一套体育舞蹈动作。
scale  n. 规模；比例；鳞；刻度；天平；数值范围However, he underestimates the scale of the problem.然而，他却低估了问题的严重性。The break-down of law and order could result in killing on a massive scale.法律和秩序的崩溃可能会导致大规模的杀戮。...an earthquake measuring 5.5 on the Richter scale.…一次里氏5.5级地震。The patient rates the therapies on a scale of zero to ten.这位患者按0到10分给这些疗法分级。...those on the high end of the pay scale.…那些在高工资级别端的人。The map, on a scale of 1:10,000, shows over 5,000 individual paths.这张比例尺为1:10000的地图显示了5000条以上的独立小径。the decimal scaleFranklin made his mother an intricately detailed scale model of the house.富兰克林为他的母亲制作了一个按这座房子比例缩小的精巧逼真的模型。...the scale of C major.…C大调音阶。Remove any excess scales from the fish skin.刮掉鱼皮上任何多余的鳞。...a pair of kitchen scales.…一台厨用天平秤。...a bathroom scale.…一台浴室磅秤。...Rebecca Stephens, the first British woman to scale Everest.…丽贝卡·斯蒂芬斯，第一位登上珠穆朗玛峰的英国女性。The tiny church was out of scale with the new banks and offices around it.这座小教堂与周围那些新的银行和办公楼很不相称。...a miniature garden, with little pagodas and bridges all to scale.…一个盆景，里面的小宝塔和小桥也都是按比例制作的。
suppress  vt. 抑制；镇压；废止...drug traffickers, who continue to flourish despite international attempts to suppress them.…尽管全世界努力镇压却继续猖獗的毒贩子们。...people who were imprisoned after the violent suppression of the pro-democracy movement protests.…赞成民主的抗议活动受暴力镇压后被囚禁的人们。The reproduction and growth of the cancerous cells can be suppressed by bombarding them with radiation.癌细胞的繁殖和生长可通过放射线辐射加以抑制。Eye problems can indicate an unhealthy lifestyle with subsequent suppression of the immune system.眼睛问题表明一种不健康的生活方式以及随后免疫系统所受的抑制。Liz thought of Barry and suppressed a smile.利兹想到了巴里，强忍住一个微笑。A mother's suppression of her own feelings can cause problems.一位母亲对她自己情感的压抑可能会导致问题。At no time did they try to persuade me to suppress the information.他们从未试图劝我封锁这个消息。The inspectors found no evidence which supported any allegation of suppression of official documents.这些检察官们找不到证据证明对封锁官方文件的任何指控。The government is suppressing inflation by increasing interest rates.政府正通过提高利率来抑制通货膨胀。
witness  n. 证人；目击者；证据Witnesses to the crash say they saw an explosion just before the disaster.这起坠机事故的目击者说, 在灾难发生之前他们看到了爆炸。Anyone who witnessed the attack should call the police.任何目睹了那场攻击的人都应该报警。In the next three or four days, eleven witnesses will be called to testify.在随后的三四天里，11名证人将传唤来作证。The codicil must first be signed and dated by you in the presence of two witnesses.该遗嘱附件必须首先由你当着两个连署人的面签名并写上日期。Ask a friend, (not your spouse), to witness your signature.请一位朋友（不可以是你的配偶），来连署你的签名。India has witnessed many political changes in recent years.印度近些年见证了许多政治变革。
abstract  n. 摘要；抽象；抽象的概念...starting with a few abstract principles.…以几条抽象的原则开始。It's not a question of some abstract concept of justice.这不是一个有关正义的某一抽象概念的问题。...abstract words such as glory, honour, and courage.…诸如光荣、荣誉、勇气这样的抽象词汇。A modern abstract painting takes over one complete wall.一幅现代抽象画占了整整一面墙。Money was a commodity she never thought about except in the abstract.金钱是她从未具体想过的一种商品。His abstracts are held in numerous collections.他的抽象画被纳入到很多收藏中。It might also be necessary to supply an abstract of the review of the literature as well.可能也有必要提供这篇文学评论的摘要。
adjust  vt. 调整，使…适合；校准We have been preparing our fighters to adjust themselves to civil society.我们一直在让我们的战士们准备好自我调整以适应普通社会。I felt I had adjusted to the idea of being a mother very well.我感到我已经很好地适应了做母亲的想法。To attract investors, Panama has adjusted its tax and labour laws.为了吸引投资者，巴拿马已经调整了其税务及劳动法规。Liz adjusted her mirror and then edged the car out of its parking space.莉兹调节了她的后视镜，然后把车慢慢地开出了停车位。He stopped to try to adjust his vision to the faint starlight.他停下来，试着使眼睛适应昏暗的星光。
administration  n. 管理；行政；实施；行政机构Too much time is spent on administration.太多的时间花在了管理工作上。Standards in the administration of justice have degenerated.司法监管的标准已退化了。They would like the college administration to exert more control over the fraternity.他们希望该学院行政部门加大对该兄弟会的控制力度。O'Leary served in federal energy posts in both the Ford and Carter administrations.奥利里在福特政府和卡特政府期间都任过联邦政府能源部门的职位。
advocate  vt. 提倡，主张，拥护Mr. Williams is a conservative who advocates fewer government controls on business.威廉斯先生是一位提倡减少政府对商业的控制的保守人士。He was a strong advocate of free market policies and a multi-party system.他是自由市场政策以及多党制的坚定倡导者。...advocates for the homeless.…为无家可归者谋利益的人。
appropriate  adj. 适当的；恰当的；合适的It is appropriate that Hispanic names dominate the list.西班牙人的名字在这个名单中占主导地位是适当的。Dress neatly and attractively in an outfit appropriate to the job.穿适合于这份工作的整洁美观的套装。Behave appropriately and ask intelligent questions.举止要得体，提问要机智。
appropriate  adj. 适当的；恰当的；合适的It is appropriate that Hispanic names dominate the list.西班牙人的名字在这个名单中占主导地位是适当的。Dress neatly and attractively in an outfit appropriate to the job.穿适合于这份工作的整洁美观的套装。Behave appropriately and ask intelligent questions.举止要得体，提问要机智。
approve  vt. 批准；赞成；为…提供证据Not everyone approves of the festival.不是每个人都喜欢这个节日。You've never approved of Henry, have you?你从未赞赏过亨利，是吧？
aspect  n. 方面；方向；形势；外貌Climate and weather affect every aspect of our lives.气候和天气影响我们生活的每个方面。He was interested in all aspects of the work here.他对这里工作的各方面都感兴趣。The house had a southwest aspect.这房子为西南朝向。
attribute  n. 属性；特质Women tend to attribute their success to external causes such as luck.女性往往把她们的成功归因于外因，如运气。People were beginning to attribute superhuman qualities to him.人们开始赋予他超人的品质。This, and the remaining frescoes, are not attributed to Giotto.这个，还有那些残存的壁画，被认为不是乔托的作品。Cruelty is a normal attribute of human behaviour.残忍是人类行为的一种正常的特性。
automatic  adj. 自动的；无意识的；必然的Modern trains have automatic doors.现代火车都有自动门。Three gunmen with automatic rifles opened fire.3名手持自动步枪的歹徒开了火。He drew his automatic and began running in the direction of the sounds.他拔出自动枪，朝发出声音的方向跑去。All of the automatic body functions, even breathing, are affected.所有无意识的身体功能，甚至呼吸，都受到影响。You will automatically wake up after this length of time.你将在这段时间之后自然醒来。
boost  vt. 促进；增加；支援Lower interest rates can boost the economy by reducing borrowing costs for consumers and businesses.低利率可以通过为消费者和商家降低借贷成本来促进经济发展。It would get the economy going and give us the boost that we need.这会推动经济发展并带给我们所需要的推动力。We need a big win to boost our confidence.我们需要一个大的胜利来增强我们的自信心。It did give me a boost to win such a big event.赢了这么一场大型比赛，的确使我士气大振。He cupped his hands and gave her a boost up to the ledge.他双手拢作杯状把她托上了窗台。
casual  adj. 随便的；非正式的；临时的；偶然的It's difficult for me to be casual about anything.要我轻松待事有难度。"No need to hurry," Ben said casually.“不必匆忙，”本轻松地说道。What you mean as a casual remark could be misinterpreted.你不经意所说的话可能会被误解。I also bought some casual clothes for the weekend.我还买了些休闲服准备周末穿。They were casually dressed.他们穿着休闲。
cite  vt. 引用；传讯；想起；表彰She cites a favourite poem by George Herbert.她引用了一首她所喜爱的乔治·赫伯特的诗。Domestic interest rates are often cited as a major factor affecting exchange rates.国内利率常常被援引为影响汇率的一个主要因素。They cited Alex's refusal to return to the marital home.他们援引了亚历克斯拒绝重返婚后住所这一事实为证。He is the owner of a restaurant chain that was cited for violations of child labour laws.他是那个因违反童工法而被传讯的餐饮连锁店的业主。The judge ruled a mistrial and cited the prosecutors for outrageous misconduct.法官裁定判决无效并且指控控方有极其不端的行为。
complex  adj. 复杂的；合成的...in-depth coverage of today's complex issues.…对当今复杂问题的深入报道。...a complex system of voting.…一套复杂的选举体制。...a low-cost apartment complex.…一个低价公寓楼群。
comply  vi. 遵守；顺从，遵从；答应The commander said that the army would comply with the ceasefire.指挥官说过部队会遵从停火协议。Some beaches had failed to comply with environmental regulations.一些海滩没能遵守环保规定。
conceive  vt. 怀孕；构思；以为；持有I just can't even conceive of that quantity of money.我简直无法想像那样一笔数量的钱。We could not conceive that he might soon be dead.我们无法相信他可能很快就会死去。The ancients conceived the earth as afloat in water.古人认为地球漂浮在水里。We conceive of the family as being in a constant state of change.我们认为家庭是处于不断变化之中的。She had conceived the idea of a series of novels, each of which would reveal some aspect of Chinese life.她已经想出了个关于一个系列小说的主意，每一部都将反映中国人生活的某一方面。Women, he says, should give up alcohol before they plan to conceive.他说女人在计划怀孕前应该戒酒。
confirm  vt. 确认；确定；证实；批准；使巩固X-rays have confirmed that he has not broken any bones.X光片已经证实他没有骨折。They took her resignation as confirmation of their suspicions.他们认为她的辞职证实了他们的猜疑。The spokesman confirmed that the area was now in rebel hands.该发言人证实该地区现在处于反叛者的控制之中。She glanced over at James for confirmation.她瞟了詹姆斯一眼寻求确认。You make the reservation, and I'll confirm it in writing.你先预定，我再以书面形式确认。Travel arrangements are subject to confirmation by the head office.旅行安排需经总公司确准。He was confirmed as a member of the Methodist Church.他受了坚信礼成为卫理公会的一员。...when I was being prepared for Confirmation.…当我为坚信礼作准备的时候。It has confirmed me in my decision not to become a nun.这已让我坚信我不当修女的决定是正确的。Her new role could confirm her as one of our leading actors.她的新角色可以证明她是当之无愧的我们最好的演员之一。
consequence  n. 结果；重要性；推论Her lawyer said she understood the consequences of her actions and was prepared to go to jail.她的律师说她明白自己行为的后果并准备去坐牢。His death was totally unexpected and, in consequence, no plans had been made for his replacement.他的死纯粹出乎意料，因此还没有为他的替代人定出计划。Maternity services were to be reduced as a consequence of falling birth rates.孕产服务因下降的出生率而将被削减。
consume  vt. 消耗，消费；使…着迷；挥霍Martha would consume nearly a pound of cheese per day.玛莎那时每天吃将近一磅奶酪。Some of the most efficient refrigerators consume 70 percent less electricity than traditional models.一些能效最高的冰箱比传统型号少消耗70%的电。
contrast  vi. 对比；形成对照...the contrast between town and country.…城乡差别。The two visitors provided a startling contrast in appearance.两位来访者的外貌有惊人的不同。The private sector, by contrast, has plenty of money to spend.私营部门相比之下有很多钱可花。In contrast, the lives of girls in well-to-do families were often very sheltered.相比之下，富裕家庭的女孩子们通常都过着养尊处优的生活。His public statements have always been in marked contrast to those of his son.他在公共场合的发言总是和他儿子的话截然不同。She contrasted the situation then with the present crisis.她把过去的情况与现在的危机进行了对比。Contrast that approach with what goes on in most organizations.对比这个方法与大多数组织运用的方法的不同之处。Johnson's easy charm contrasted sharply with the prickliness of his boss.约翰的随和与他老板的挑剔形成了鲜明的对比。...a television with brighter colours, better contrast, and digital sound.…一台色彩更亮丽、颜色对比度更好、配有数字音响的电视。
contrast  vi. 对比；形成对照...the contrast between town and country.…城乡差别。The two visitors provided a startling contrast in appearance.两位来访者的外貌有惊人的不同。The private sector, by contrast, has plenty of money to spend.私营部门相比之下有很多钱可花。In contrast, the lives of girls in well-to-do families were often very sheltered.相比之下，富裕家庭的女孩子们通常都过着养尊处优的生活。His public statements have always been in marked contrast to those of his son.他在公共场合的发言总是和他儿子的话截然不同。She contrasted the situation then with the present crisis.她把过去的情况与现在的危机进行了对比。Contrast that approach with what goes on in most organizations.对比这个方法与大多数组织运用的方法的不同之处。Johnson's easy charm contrasted sharply with the prickliness of his boss.约翰的随和与他老板的挑剔形成了鲜明的对比。...a television with brighter colours, better contrast, and digital sound.…一台色彩更亮丽、颜色对比度更好、配有数字音响的电视。
criticism  n. 批评；考证；苛求This policy had repeatedly come under strong criticism on Capitol Hill.这项政策在国会反复受到强烈批评。She has published more than 20 books including novels, poetry and literary criticism.她已出版了二十多本书，其中包括小说、诗歌和文学评论。
deposit  n. 存款；押金；订金；保证金；沉淀物The initial deposit required to open an account is a minimum 100 dollars.开户需要的首笔存入额是至少100美元。...underground deposits of gold and diamonds.…黄金和钻石的地下矿床。I put down a $500 security deposit for another apartment.我为另一套公寓支付了$500押金。She told me I should make a deposit every week and they'd stamp my book.她告诉我我每周都要存一次钱，而他们会在我的存折上盖印。The customer has to deposit a minimum of $100 monthly.顾客每月必须至少存入$100。Mr. Crenshaw deposited the boys and their suitcases on Mr. Peck's lawn.克伦肖先生把男孩子和他们的手提箱留在了派克先生的草坪上。You are advised to deposit valuables in the hotel safe.建议您将贵重物品寄存在旅馆的保险柜里。
derive  vt. 源于；得自；获得Mr. Ying is one of those happy people who derive pleasure from helping others.英先生是那种助人为乐的快活人。The name Anastasia is derived from a Greek word meaning "of the resurrection."阿纳斯塔西娅这个名字是从一个意为“复活”的希腊词语衍生而来的。
detect  vt. 察觉；发现；探测...a sensitive piece of equipment used to detect radiation.…一台探测辐射的敏感仪器。Arnold could detect a certain sadness in the old man's face.阿诺德能察觉到老人脸上的某种悲伤。
dominate  vt. 控制；支配；占优势；在…中占主要地位The book is expected to dominate the best-seller lists.这本书预期将占据畅销书榜首的位置。...countries where life is dominated by war.…饱受战乱的国家。Selling could continue to dominate as investors play it safe.因为投资者们谨慎行事,售出可能会继续占主流。...the domination of the market by a small number of organizations.…少数机构对市场的支配。He denied that his country wants to dominate Europe.他否认他的国家想称霸欧洲。Women are no longer dominated by the men in their relationships.在两性的相互关系中，女性已不再受制于男性。They had five centuries of domination by the Romans.他们被罗马人统治了5个世纪。It's one of the biggest buildings in this area, and it really dominates this whole place.这是该地区最大的建筑物之一，俯视着整个地区。
dwell  vi. 居住；存在于；细想某事"I'd rather not dwell on the past," he told me.“我宁愿不多想过去，”他告诉我。
eliminate  vt. 消除；排除Recent measures have not eliminated discrimination in employment.最近的举措还未能根除就业歧视。...the prohibition and elimination of chemical weapons.…对化学武器的禁止和销毁。I was eliminated from the 400 metres in the semi-finals.我在400米半决赛中被淘汰了。He declared war on the government and urged right-wingers to eliminate their opponents.他向政府宣战并且力劝右翼分子们消灭他们的对手。
emphasis  n. 重点；强调；加强语气Too much emphasis is placed on research.把重点过多地放在研究上。The emphasis is on the first syllable of the last word.重音是在最末一个单词的第一个音节上。
endeavor  n. 努力；尽力（等于endeavour）
equivalent  adj. 等价的，相等的；同意义的Mr. Li's pay is the equivalent of about $80 a month.李先生的报酬大约等于每月80美元。If they want to change an item in the budget, they will have to propose equivalent cuts elsewhere.如果他们想要改变预算中的一个款项，必须得提出其他等值的削减。...the Red Cross emblem, and its equivalent in Muslim countries, the Red Crescent.…红十字徽章、及其在穆斯林国家对应物的红新月。...a decrease of 10% in property investment compared with the equivalent period in 1991.…房产投资相比1991年同期10％的降幅。His party has just suffered the equivalent of a near-fatal heart attack.他的政党刚经受了相当于一次几乎致命的心脏病发作的打击。
evaluate  vt. 评价；估价；求…的值The market situation is difficult to evaluate.市场形势难以评估。...the opinions and evaluations of college supervisors.…学院督导们的意见和评价。
exaggerate  vt. 使扩大；使增大He thinks I'm exaggerating.他认为我在夸大其词。Like many stories about him, it smacks of exaggeration.像很多有关他的故事一样，这个也有点儿夸大的意味。These figures exaggerate the loss of competitiveness.这些数字夸大了竞争力的下降。
expectation  n. 期待；预期；指望Their hope, and their expectation, was that she was going to be found safe and that she would be returned to her family.他们的希望和期盼是她被找到时安全无恙并被送回她家。Stephen Chase had determined to live up to the expectations of the company.斯蒂芬·蔡斯已决心不辜负公司的期望。
frame  n. 框架；结构；[电影] 画面Estelle kept a photograph of her mother in a silver frame on the kitchen mantelpiece.埃丝特尔把她母亲的一张照片放在厨房壁炉架上的银质相框里。He supplied housebuilders with modern timber frames.他为建房者提供了现代化的木制构架。With difficulty he released the mattress from the metal frame, and groped beneath it.他费了很大劲把床垫从金属架上卸下来，然后在下面摸索一番。He was wearing new glasses with gold wire frames.他戴着一副新的金丝框眼镜。Standard 8mm projects at 16 frames per second.标准的8毫米电影每秒放映16帧画面。The picture is now ready to be mounted and framed.这幅画现在可以装裱、配框了。The swimming pool is framed by tropical gardens.游泳池四周环绕着热带花园。I need to find out who tried to frame me.我需要查出谁试图诬陷我。Their belts are pulled tight against their bony frames.他们的腰带紧裹着瘦骨嶙峋的躯体。
ideal  adj. 理想的；完美的；想象的；不切实际的Walt Disney stayed true to his ideals.沃尔特·迪斯尼坚持他的理想。Her features were almost the opposite of the Japanese ideal of beauty in those days.她的容貌几乎和当时日本的美人典范正好相反。She decided that I was the ideal person to take over the job.她认定我是接管这项工作的最佳人选。We do not live in an ideal world.我们并非生活在一个完美的世界里。
immerse  vt. 沉浸；使陷入Their commitments do not permit them to immerse themselves in current affairs as fully as they might wish.他们的职责不允许他们如其所愿地埋头于时事。He's really becoming immersed in his work.他真正地变得专注于自己的工作。The electrodes are immersed in liquid.电极被浸没在液体中。
impose  vi. 利用；欺骗；施加影响Fines are imposed on retailers who sell tobacco to minors.向未成年人销售烟草制品的零售商要被强制罚款。A third of companies reviewing pay since last August have imposed a pay freeze of up to a year.自去年8月以来，在审检工资发放的公司中，有三分之一已经强行实施工资冻结长达1年。...the imposition of sanctions against Pakistan.…对巴基斯坦制裁的强制实行。Parents should beware of imposing their own tastes on their children.父母应该提防把自己的兴趣强加给孩子。The filming imposed an additional strain on her.影片拍摄使她承受了额外的压力。I was afraid you'd feel we were imposing on you.我担心你会觉得我们在不合理地要求你。I know this is an imposition. But please hear me out.我知道这是个不合理的要求，但请听我把话说完。I didn't want to impose myself on my married friends.我不想硬要我的已婚朋友们接受我。
improvement  n. 改进，改善；提高...the dramatic improvements in organ transplantation in recent years.…近几年器官移植上令人瞩目的改进。The new governor is an improvement on his predecessor.新任总督胜过他的前任。
indulge  vt. 满足；纵容；使高兴；使沉迷于…Only rarely will she indulge in a glass of wine.她只是偶尔才会喝上杯葡萄酒。He returned to Ohio so that he could indulge his passion for football.他重返俄亥俄以释放自己对足球的激情。He did not agree with indulging children.他不同意娇惯孩子。
inquire  vt. 询问；查究；问明"What are you doing there?" she inquired.“你在那里做什么？”她问道。He called them several times to inquire about job possibilities.他给他们打了几次电话打听就业的可能性。Inspectors were appointed to inquire into the affairs of the company.检查员被派去调查该公司的事务。
keen  adj. 敏锐的，敏捷的；渴望的；强烈的；热心的；锐利的They described him as a man of keen intellect.他们把他描述成一个才思敏锐的人。They're keenly aware that whatever they decide will set a precedent.他们敏锐地意识到无论他们决定怎么做，都会开创先例。...an amateur artist with a keen eye for detail.…一位对细节有敏锐洞察力的业余艺术家。Charles listened keenly.查尔斯竖起耳朵听着。He had retained a keen interest in the progress of the work.他一直对工作的进展保持着强烈的兴趣。She remained keenly interested in international affairs.她一直对国际事务有强烈的兴趣。You're not keen on going, are you?你不是很想走，对吗？...Doyle's keenness to please.…多伊尔的极欲讨好心态。I wasn't too keen on physics and chemistry.我对物理和化学并不太热衷。She was a keen amateur photographer.她是一个痴迷的业余摄影师。The contest should be very keenly fought.比赛应该争夺很激烈。
launch  vt. 发射（导弹、火箭等）；发起，发动；使…下水NASA plans to launch a satellite to study cosmic rays.美国国家航空航天局计划发射一颗卫星来研究宇宙射线。This morning's launch of the space shuttle Columbia has been delayed.定于今天上午哥伦比亚号航天飞机的发射已经被推迟了。There was no time to launch the lifeboats because the ferry capsized with such alarming speed.因为渡船倾斜的速度如此之快，根本没有时间把救生艇放下水。The launch of a ship was a big occasion.船下水曾是一件大事。A group of 80 attackers launched an all-out assault just before dawn.有80名攻击者的一个小队在黎明前发起了一次全面进攻。The police have launched an investigation into the incident.警察已经开始对此事件进行调查。...the launch of a campaign to restore law and order.…旨在恢复法律和秩序的运动的发起。...powerful allies to help the company launch a low-cost "network computer."…帮助公司推出一种低价“网络电脑”的强大同盟。The company's spending has also risen following the launch of a new Sunday magazine.公司的花费也随着一份新星期日杂志的推出而增加。
leisure  n. 闲暇；空闲；安逸...a relaxing way to fill my leisure time.…我消磨空闲时间的一种放松方式。You will be able to stroll at leisure through the gardens.你将能在花园里悠闲地散步。
link  n. [计] 链环，环节；联系，关系...the link between smoking and lung cancer.…吸烟和肺癌之间的关系。The U.N. Security Council has linked any lifting of sanctions to compliance with the ceasefire terms.联合国安全理事会将任何制裁的解除与遵守停火条款联系起来。The study further strengthens the evidence linking smoking with early death.这项研究进一步加强了联系吸烟与早亡的证据。...the railway link between Boston and New York.…波士顿与纽约之间的铁路连接线。Drivers ran into a field of weeds at the state border, where no link with the neighbouring state had yet been planned.司机们闯入了州界处一块杂草丛生的原野，在那里还没有计划修建连接邻州的道路。...the Rama Road, which links the capital, Managua, with the Caribbean coast.…连接首都马那瓜与加勒比海岸的拉玛公路。Seven miles of track were installed to link the hotel to the golf course.七英里的轨道被铺设来连接宾馆和高尔夫球场。Kiev hopes to cement close links with Bonn.基辅希望巩固与波恩之间的密切关系。In 1984 the long link between AC Cars and the Hurlock family was severed.1984年AC汽车公司与赫洛克家族间的长期关系中断了。She was my only link with the past.她是我和过去的惟一联系。The Red Cross was created to provide a link between soldiers in battle and their families at home.红十字会被创立来为前线士兵与其家乡的亲人之间提供联系。Criminologist Dr. Ann Jones has linked the crime to social circumstances.犯罪学家安·琼斯博士认为这起犯罪与社会环境有关。They've linked her with various men, including magnate Donald Trump.他们认为她和多个男人有关系，包括巨头唐纳德·特朗普。Available in English, French, German and Italian, it has links to other relevant tourism sites.它有可供阅读的英文、法文、德文和意大利文版本，也有通向其它相关旅游网站的链接。Certainly, Andreessen didn't think up using hypertext to link Internet documents.当然，安德森并没想到用超文本链接互联网文档。...a chain of heavy gold links.…一串沉重的金链环。She linked her arm through his.她用自己的胳膊挽住他的胳膊。It was so slippery that some of the walkers linked arms and proceeded very carefully.地太滑了，所以一些行人挽着胳膊小心翼翼地前行。
locate  vt. 位于；查找…的地点The scientists want to locate the position of the gene on a chromosome.科学家们想找到该基因在染色体上的位置。Atlanta was voted the best city in which to locate a business by more than 400 chief executives.亚特兰大被四百多位企业首席执行官投票选为建立公司的最佳城市。...tax breaks for businesses that locate in run-down neighbourhoods.…对在衰落地段营业的公司的减税。
mood  n. 情绪，语气；心境；气氛He is clearly in a good mood today.显然他今天心情不错。Lily was in one of her aggressive moods.莉莉又在咄咄逼人了。After a day of air and activity, you should be in the mood for a good meal.在户外活动了一天，你应该想好好吃一顿。She was obviously in a mood.显然她心情不好。The government seemed to be in tune with the popular mood.政府似乎与公众的想法一致。First set the mood with music.首先用音乐制造气氛。
neglect  vt. 疏忽，忽视；忽略The woman denied that she had neglected her child.那位妇女否认疏于照管她的孩子。Feed plants and they grow, neglect them and they suffer.给植物施肥，它们就生长；疏于照管，它们就遭殃。The town's old quayside is collapsing after years of neglect.这座小镇的旧码头区在多年疏于保养后快要坍塌了。He'd given too much to his career, worked long hours, neglected her.他在事业上投入太多了，长时间地工作，冷落了她。The fact that she is not coming today makes her grandmother feel lonely and neglected.她今天不来了，这让她的祖母感到孤单，受到冷落。...a neglected aspect of the city's forgotten history.…这座城市被遗忘的历史中一个被忽视的方面。We often neglect to make proper use of our bodies.我们经常疏忽了合理使用我们的身体。
nevertheless  adv. 然而，不过；虽然如此Although the market has been flat, residential property costs remain high. Nevertheless, the fall-off in demand has had an impact on resale values.尽管市场一直疲软，房价持续偏高。然而需求的减少还是对二手房价格产生了影响。
objective  adj. 客观的；目标的；宾格的Our main objective was the recovery of the child safe and well.我们的主要目标是让这个孩子安然无恙地恢复健康。He had no objective evidence that anything extraordinary was happening.他没有客观证据证明有什么非同寻常的事情发生。We simply want to inform people objectively about events.我们只想客观地把事件告之于众。I believe that a journalist should be completely objective.我认为一名记者应该完全客观。Try to view situations more objectively, especially with regard to work.尽量更客观地看待情况，尤其对于工作。
participate  vi. 参与，参加；分享They expected him to participate in the ceremony.他们希望他参加这个典礼。Over half the population of this country participate in sports.这个国家一半以上的人参加体育运动。...participation in religious activities.…对宗教活动的参与。
premium  n. 额外费用；奖金；保险费;(商)溢价It is too early to say whether insurance premiums will be affected.保险费会不会受到影响现在判定还为时过早。Even if customers want "solutions," most are not willing to pay a premium for them.即使顾客们想要“解决方案”，大部分人不愿意为此支付附加费。At the premium end of the market, business is booming.在市场的高端销售区，生意火暴。If space is at a premium, choose adaptable furniture that won't fill the room.如果空间很有限，就选购不太占地方的可改装家具。He eventually sold the shares back to the bank at a premium.他最终以高价将股票返售给了银行。
preserve  vt. 保存；保护；维持；腌；禁猎We will do everything to preserve peace.我们将竭尽全力维护和平。...the preservation of the status quo.…现状的维护。We need to preserve the forest.我们需要保护森林。...the preservation of buildings of architectural or historic interest.…对具有建筑学或历史意义的建筑物的保护。I like to make puree, using only enough sugar to preserve the plums.我喜欢做果酱，只用足够的糖来保藏李子。She decided to make peach preserves for Christmas gifts.她决定做桃子果酱作圣诞礼物。The making and conduct of foreign policy is largely the preserve of the president.外交政策的制定和实施很大程度上是总统的独揽之事。
privilege  n. 特权；优待The Russian Federation has issued a decree abolishing special privileges for government officials.俄罗斯联邦已颁布了一条取消政府官员特权的法令。Pironi was the son of privilege and wealth, and it showed.皮罗尼是富贵人家的子弟，这一点明摆着。It must be a privilege to know such a man.认识这样一个人必是一种荣幸。
prompt  adj. 敏捷的，迅速的；立刻的Japan's recession has prompted consumers to cut back on buying cars.日本的经济衰退已促使消费者们削减购车花销。"You wouldn't have wanted to bring those people to justice anyway, would you?" Brand prompted him.“你本不想将那些人绳之以法的，是吧？”布兰德提示他说。It is not too late, but prompt action is needed.还不太晚，但需要立即行动。You have been so prompt in carrying out all these commissions.你执行所有这些任务非常迅速。
purchase  n. 购买；紧握；起重装置He purchased a ticket and went up on the top deck.他买了张票，上了顶层。The broker will get 5% if he finds a purchaser.这个中间人如果找到一个买主就将提成5%。This week he is to visit China to discuss the purchase of military supplies.本周他将访问中国，讨论军用物资的采购。She opened the tie box and looked at her purchase. It was silk, with maroon stripes.她打开领带盒子，看着自己买的东西。那是真丝的，有栗色的条纹。
reflect  vt. 反映；反射，照出；表达；显示;反省A newspaper report seems to reflect the view of most members of Congress.报纸的一篇报导似乎反映了国会多数议员的观点。The sun reflected off the snow-covered mountains.阳光从被雪覆盖的山峦反射回来。His image was reflected many times in the mirror.他的影像在那面镜子里映出了很多个。We should all give ourselves time to reflect.我们都应该给自己时间来深思。Things were very much changed since before the war, he reflected.从战争开始前情况就已经发生了很大的变化，他想到。The affair hardly reflected well on the president.这个事件很难让人对那位总统有好印象。
reject  vt. 拒绝；排斥；抵制；丢弃The government is expected to reject the idea of state subsidy for a new high-speed railway.预期该政府不会同意向一条新建高速铁路提供国家补助的意见。The rejection of such initiatives by no means indicates that voters are unconcerned about the environment.对这些提案的不同意决不意味着选民们不关心环境。...the children of Eastern European immigrants who had rejected their parents' political and religious beliefs.…已经摈弃了其父母的政治和宗教信仰的东欧移民的子女们。His rejection of our values is far more complete than that of D. H. Lawrence.他对于我们价值观的摈弃远比D. H.劳伦斯更彻底。One of my most able students was rejected by another university.我的一个最有能力的学生被另外一所大学拒绝了。Be prepared for lots of rejections before you land a job.在你找到一份工作之前要做好多次被拒绝的准备。...people who had been rejected by their lovers.…遭到他们的恋人拒绝的人们。These feelings of rejection and hurt remain.这些遭到拒绝和伤害的感觉仍然存在。It was feared his body was rejecting a kidney he received in a transplant four years ago.人们担心他的身体在排斥他4年前在一项移植中接受的一个肾脏。...a special drug which stops rejection of transplanted organs.…一种阻止对移植器官的排斥的专用药物。The check shirt is a reject - too small.这件格子衬衣是个不合格品，太小。
scan  vt. 扫描；浏览；细看；详细调查；标出格律She scanned the advertisement pages of the newspapers.她浏览了报纸的广告页。I just had a quick scan through your book again.我刚刚把你的书又作了一次浏览。The officer scanned the room.警察仔细察看了那个房间。She was nervous and kept scanning the crowd for Paul.她很紧张，一直在人群中寻找保罗。Their approach is to scan every checked-in bag with a bomb detector.他们的做法是用炸弹探测器扫描每一个办理了登机手续的箱包。Not all ISPs are equipped to scan for viruses.并非所有的因特网服务供应商都有装备来扫描病毒。The entire paper contents of all libraries will eventually be scanned into computers.所有图书馆的全部纸质内容最终都会被扫描进电脑。The ship's radar scanned the sea ahead.船上的雷达扫描了前方海域。A brain scan revealed the blood clot.脑部扫描检查发现了那个血块。
shift  n. 移动；变化；手段；轮班He stopped, shifting his cane to his left hand.他停下来，把手杖移到左手。He shifted from foot to foot.他从一只脚换到另一只脚。Attitudes to mental illness have shifted in recent years.对精神病的态度近年来已稍微有所改变。...a shift in government policy.…政府政策的些许改变。It was a vain attempt to shift the responsibility for the murder to somebody else.把这项谋杀的罪责转嫁于他人是徒劳之举。His father worked shifts in a steel mill.他的父亲在一家钢铁厂轮班工作。
shortage  n. 缺乏，缺少；不足A shortage of funds is preventing the UN from monitoring relief.资金短缺使得联合国无法监督救济工作。Vietnam is suffering from food shortage.越南正遭受食品短缺之苦。
source  n. 来源；水源；原始资料...over 40 percent of adults use television as their major source of information about the arts.…超过40%的成年人利用电视作为他们了解艺术信息的主要来源。Renewable sources of energy must be used.可再生的能源必须利用。Together they travel the world, sourcing clothes for the small, privately owned company.他们一起环游世界，为那家小私营公司寻找服装货源。Military sources say the boat was heading south at high speed.军方的消息来源说船正向南方快速驶去。This gave me a clue as to the source of the problem.这给了我一个关于问题根源的线索。...the source of the Tiber.…台伯河的源头。
stuff  n. 东西；材料；填充物；素材资料I'd like some coffee, and I don't object to the powdered stuff if it's all you've got.我想要点咖啡，如果你们只有粉状的东西，我也不反对。He pointed to a duffle bag. "That's my stuff."他指着一个旅行袋。“那是我的东西。”I stuffed my hands in my pockets.我把双手塞进了我的口袋里。He grabbed my purse, opened it and stuffed it full, then gave it back to me.他抢走我的钱包，打开并把它装得满满的，然后还给了我。I could stuff myself with ten chocolate bars and half an hour later eat a big meal.我可以给自己塞下10块巧克力，并在半小时后再大吃一顿。Will you stuff the turkey and shove it in the oven for me?你能帮我把填料塞进火鸡里，然后把它放进烤箱吗？...his collections of stamps and books and stuffed birds.…他的邮票、书和标本鸟的收藏品。These guys know their stuff after seven years of war.这些家伙在7年的战争之后便懂行了。
submit  vt. 使服从；主张；呈递In desperation, Mrs. Jones submitted to an operation on her right knee to relieve the pain.绝望中，琼斯夫人不得已接受了一次她右膝的手术以减轻疼痛。They submitted their reports to the chancellor yesterday.他们昨天向财政大臣提交了他们的报告。
superior  adj. 上级的；优秀的，出众的；高傲的We have a relationship infinitely superior to those of many of our friends.我们之间的关系远比我们许多朋友之间的关系好得多。The technical superiority of laser discs over tape is well established.光盘相对磁带在技术上的优越性是确定无疑的。A few years ago it was virtually impossible to find superior quality coffee in local shops.几年前在当地的商店里几乎不可能买到上好的咖啡。...negotiations between the mutineers and their superior officers.…那些反叛者和他们的上级军官们之间的谈判。Other army units are completely surrounded and cut-off from communication with their superiors.其他部队完全被包围，与上级的联系也被切断了。Finch gave a superior smile.芬奇富有优越感地一笑。...a false sense of his superiority over mere journalists.…他在记者面前才有的虚假的优越感。The demonstrators fled when they saw the authorities' superior numbers.示威者们看到官方占优势的人数时就逃跑了。
temper  n. 脾气；（钢等）回火；性情；倾向He had a temper and could be nasty.他脾气暴躁，会令人讨厌。His short temper had become notorious.他的急性子已臭名远扬。I was in a bad temper last night.我昨晚情绪不好。She was still in a temper when Colin arrived.科林到的时候她还在发脾气。I've never seen him get mad or lose his temper.我从未见过他发疯或发火。
testify  vt. 证明，证实；作证Several eyewitnesses testified that they saw the officers hit Miller in the face.几个目击者证明他们看到那些警察们打了米勒的脸。Eva testified to having seen Herndon with his gun on the stairs.伊娃证明曾看见赫恩登在楼梯上拿着枪。
threaten  vt. 威胁；恐吓；预示He said army officers had threatened to destroy the town.他说军官们已威胁要摧毁这座小镇。He tied her up and threatened her with a six-inch knife.他把她绑起来，拿着一把6英寸长的刀威胁她。The newcomers directly threaten the livelihood of the established workers.新来的人直接威胁到原有工人的生计。It's threatening to rain.天可能要下雨。The fighting is threatening to turn into full-scale war.这次冲突可能要演变成全面战争。
transform  vt. 改变，使…变形；转换Your metabolic rate is the speed at which your body transforms food into energy.你的新陈代谢率就是你身体将食物转换成能量的速度。Norah made plans for the transformation of an attic room into a study.诺拉制订了将阁楼间改造为书房的几个方案。Industrialization transformed the world.工业化彻底改变了世界。In the last five years he's undergone a personal transformation.在过去的5年里，他完全变了个人。
trend  n. 趋势，倾向；走向This is a growing trend.这是一个不断增长的趋势。...a trend toward part-time employment.…非全日制就业的趋势。The latest trend is gardening.最新的时尚是园艺。
unique  adj. 独特的，稀罕的；[数] 唯一的，独一无二的Each person's signature is unique.每个人的签名是独一无二的。Because of the extreme cold, the Antarctic is a uniquely fragile environment.由于极端寒冷，南极州的生态环境尤其脆弱。She was a woman of unique talent and determination.她是一个有独特天赋和决心的女人。There'll never be a shortage of people who consider themselves uniquely qualified to be president of the United States.从不缺乏那种自认为特有资格成为美国总统的人。No one knows for sure why adolescence is unique to humans.没人确切知道为什么青春期是人类独有的。The problem isn't uniquely American.该问题并非美国独有。
abandon  n. 放任；狂热He claimed that his parents had abandoned him.他声称他的父母抛弃了他。The authorities have abandoned any attempt to distribute food in an orderly fashion.当局中途放弃了任何有序地分发食品的尝试。Logic had prevailed and he had abandoned the idea.理性占了上风，他放弃了该想法。He approached life with reckless abandon–I don't think he himself knew what he was going to do next.他以不计后果的放纵态度对待生活–我想他自己都不知道他接下来要做什么。At the captain's order, they abandoned ship.在船长的命令下，他们弃船离开了。
abundant  adj. 丰富的；充裕的；盛产There is an abundant supply of cheap labour.有丰富的廉价劳动力供应。
accommodate  vt. 容纳；使适应；供应；调解The school was not big enough to accommodate all the children.学校没有足够的地方容纳所有的学生。...a hotel built to accommodate guests for the wedding of King Alfonso.…一个为来参加阿方索国王婚礼的客人提供住宿而建造的宾馆。The roads are built to accommodate gradual temperature changes.这些道路是为适应气温的逐渐变化而建的。
accustom  vt. 使习惯于She tried to accustom herself to the tight bandages.她尝试着使自己习惯那些紧绷的绷带。
acknowledge  vt. 承认；答谢；报偿；告知已收到Naylor acknowledged, in a letter to the judge, that he was a drug addict.在一封写给法官的信中，内勒承认他是一个吸毒者。Belatedly, the government has acknowledged the problem.政府过晚地承认了这个问题。He is also acknowledged as an excellent goalkeeper.他还被认可为一名优秀的守门员。The army sent me a postcard acknowledging my request.军方寄给我一张明信片以确认收到了我的请求。He saw her but refused to even acknowledge her.他看到了她，但甚至都拒绝向她致意。
acquire  vt. 获得；取得；学到；捕获General Motors acquired a 50% stake in Saab for about $400m.通用汽车公司以大约4亿美元获得了萨博50%的股份。I've never acquired a taste for wine.我从未养成对葡萄酒的爱好。During her film career, she acquired a reputation as a strong-willed, outspoken woman.在她的银幕生涯中，她获得了一个意志坚定、坦率直言的名声。
aggressive  adj. 侵略性的；好斗的；有进取心的；有闯劲的Some children are much more aggressive than others.一些孩子比其他孩子好斗得多。These fish are very aggressive.这些鱼十分好斗。They'll react aggressively.他们会凶猛地作出反应。He is respected as a very aggressive and competitive executive.他被尊认为一位十分好强好胜的主管。...countries noted for aggressively pursuing energy efficiency.…以拼命追求能效著称的国家。
alien  adj. 外国的；相异的，性质不同的；不相容的He said they were opposed to what he described as the presence of alien forces in the region.他说他们反对他所描述的在该地区有外国军队的存在。Such an attitude is alien to most businessmen.这种态度对大多数商人都很陌生。Both women had hired illegal aliens for child care.这两个女人都雇佣了非法入境者来照看孩子。...aliens from another planet.…从另一个行星来的外星人。
alter  vt. 改变，更改Nothing has altered and the deadline still stands.什么也没有更改，最后期限依然有效。
ambiguous  adj. 模糊不清的；引起歧义的This agreement is very ambiguous and open to various interpretations.这个协议非常模棱两可，可以有多种解释。The national conference on democracy ended ambiguously.这次全国民主大会含糊其词地结束了。
amuse  vt. 娱乐；消遣；使发笑；使愉快The thought seemed to amuse him.这个想法好像让他觉得好笑。I need distractions. I need to amuse myself so I won't keep thinking about things.我需要娱乐。我需要自我消遣，这样我才不会一直想事情。
appliance  n. 器具；器械；装置He could also learn to use the vacuum cleaner, the washing machine and other household appliances.他还能学习使用吸尘器、洗衣机和其他家用电器。
arouse  vt. 引起；唤醒；鼓励His revolutionary work in linguistics has aroused intense scholarly interest.他在语言学方面的革命性著作引起了强烈的学术兴趣。The smell of frying bacon aroused his hunger.煎咸肉的味道激起了他的饥饿感。Some men are aroused when their partner says erotic words to them.一些男人在性伙伴对他们说色情话时会被撩起性欲。
assist  n. 帮助；助攻The family decided to assist me with my chores.家人决定分担我的琐事。The public is urgently requested to assist police in tracing this man.公众被紧急要求协助警方追踪这名男子。International organizations intensified their activities to locate victims and assist with relief efforts.各国际组织加强了他们的活动以寻找受害者并协助救援工作。...a chemical that assists in the manufacture of proteins.…一种有助于蛋白质的制造的化学物。Our sales representatives can assist you in selecting suitable investments.我们的销售代表在选择合适的投资方面能帮到您。
bargain  n. 交易；便宜货；契约At this price the wine is a bargain.以这个价格，这葡萄酒算是物美价廉了。I'll make a bargain with you. I'll play hostess if you'll include Matthew in your guest list.我想和你达成个协议：如果你把马修列入客人名单，我就充当女主人。They prefer to bargain with individual clients, for cash.他们更愿意同个人客户洽谈，做现金交易。The government has called for sensible pay bargaining.政府已呼吁进行理性的工资谈判。This machine is designed to save you effort, and keep your work surfaces tidy into the bargain.这种机器是为了省力而设计的，而且它还会使你的工作台面保持整洁。
barrier  n. 障碍物，屏障；界线Duties and taxes are the most obvious barrier to free trade.关税及其他各种税是自由贸易最明显的障碍。There is no reason why love shouldn't cross the age barrier.爱情没有理由不应跨越年龄障碍。She had been waiting for Simon to break down the barrier between them.她一直在等着西蒙来破除他们之间的隔阂。The demonstrators broke through heavy police barriers.示威者们冲破了警方的重重关卡。A severe storm destroyed a natural barrier between the house and the lake.一场猛烈的暴风雨摧毁了房屋和湖泊之间的天然屏障。They are fearful that unemployment will soon break the barrier of three million.他们担心失业人数不久将突破300万大关。
basis  n. 基础；底部；主要成分；基本原则或原理We're going to be meeting there on a regular basis.我们将定期在那儿会面。They want all groups to be treated on an equal basis.他们要求所有的群体都能得到平等的对待。McGregor must remain confined, on the basis of the medical reports we have received.基于我们所收到的医疗报告，麦格雷戈必须继续卧床休息。Both factions have broadly agreed that the U.N. plan is a possible basis for negotiation.两派已大致同意该联合国计划是谈判的可能基础。...Japan's attempt to secure the legal basis to send troops overseas.…日本取得派遣军队的法律依据的企图。
beam  n. 横梁；光线；电波；船宽；[计量] 秤杆Frances beamed at her friend with undisguised admiration.弗朗西丝用毫不掩饰的羡慕的神情朝她的朋友们绽开了笑容。"Welcome back," she beamed.“欢迎回来，”她笑容满面地说。...high-energy laser beams.…高能激光束。The interview was beamed live across America.那场访谈同步播送至全美。The Sci-Fi Channel began beaming into 10 million American homes this week.科幻频道本周已经开始播送到1000万个美国家庭。A beam of light slices through the darkness.一道光束划破了黑暗。The ceilings are supported by oak beams.天花板由橡木横梁支撑着。
boom  vt. 使兴旺；发隆隆声An economic boom followed, especially in housing and construction.接着是一个经济的繁荣，尤其在住房和建筑方面。The 1980s were indeed boom years.20世纪80年代确实是繁荣的时代。The boom in the sport's popularity has meant more calls for stricter safety regulations.该项运动普及程度的大幅提高带来了更多要求更严格安全法规的呼声。By 1988 the economy was booming.到1988年为止经济一直很繁荣。Sales are booming.销售量在激增。"Ladies," boomed Helena, without a microphone, "we all know why we're here tonight."“女士们”，海伦娜没用话筒朗声说道，“我们都知道今晚我们为什么在这儿。”Thunder boomed over Crooked Mountain.雷声在克鲁克德山上空轰鸣。Music boomed out from loudspeakers.扬声器传出了低沉响亮的音乐。A megaphone boomed out, "This is the police."扩音器传出了低沉而响亮的声音：“我们是警察。”The stillness of the night was broken by the boom of a cannon.夜晚的寂静被大炮的轰鸣声打破了。
border  n. 边境；边界；国界They fled across the border.他们越过边界逃走了。Soldiers had temporarily closed the border between the two countries.士兵们已暂时封闭了两国的边界。...the European and Arab countries bordering the Mediterranean.…地中海沿岸的欧洲国家和阿拉伯国家。Both republics border on the Black Sea.这两个共和国都与黑海毗邻。...pillowcases trimmed with a hand-crocheted border.…镶有一道手工钩制花边的枕套。...a lawn flanked by wide herbaceous borders.…一片两侧有草本植物花坛的草坪。...the mile of white sand beach bordered by palm trees and tropical flowers.…环绕着棕榈树和热带花卉的一英里白色沙滩。
brief  adj. 简短的，简洁的；短暂的，草率的She once made a brief appearance on television.她曾在电视上短暂露面。In a brief statement, he concentrated entirely on international affairs.在一个简短的陈述中,他完全集中在了国际事务上。Now please be brief – my time is valuable.现在请长话短说–我的时间很宝贵。For a few brief minutes we forgot the anxiety and anguish.短短的几分钟,我们忘却了忧伤和痛苦。A bra and a pair of briefs lay on the floor.一件胸罩和一条短内裤放在地板上。A Defense Department spokesman briefed reporters.一位国防部发言人向记者们介绍了情况。Griffith's expertise is in writing legal briefs.格里菲思的专长在于撰写法律案情摘要。...customs officials with a brief to stop foreign porn coming into Britain.…身担阻止外国淫秽物品进入英国的职责的海关管员们。In brief, take no risks.简言之,别冒险。
budget  n. 预算，预算费She will design a fantastic new kitchen for you – and all within your budget.她将为你设计一个崭新的漂亮厨房–所有的花费都将在你的预算之内。Someone had furnished the place on a tight budget.有人用不多的钱把那个地方布置了一下。The hospital obviously needs to balance the budget each year.该医院显然每年都需要平衡其财务收支。The company has budgeted $10 million for advertising.公司已经安排了1千万美元的广告预算。The film is only budgeted at $10 million.这部电影的预算只有1千万美元。I'm learning how to budget.我正在学习怎样编制预算。We have continued to exercise caution in our budgeting for the current year.在今年的预算方面，我们继续小心谨慎。Cheap flights are available from budget travel agents from $240.起价$240的廉价机票可从一些经济旅行社那里买到。
campaign  vi. 作战；参加竞选；参加活动During his election campaign he promised to put the economy back on its feet.竞选活动期间，他许诺要致力于恢复经济。...a campaign to improve the training of staff.…改进员工培训的一个活动。The allies are intensifying their air campaign.盟军在加强他们的空中军事活动。We are campaigning for law reform.我们正从事法律改革运动。
candidate  n. 候选人，候补者；应试者The Democratic candidate is still leading in the polls.那名民主党候选人仍在民意测验中领先。He is a candidate for the office of governor.他是州长的候选人。He is now a candidate for a Master's degree in social work at San Francisco State University.他目前在旧金山州立大学攻读社会工作硕士学位。Those who are overweight or indulge in high-salt diets are candidates for hypertension.那些身体超重或饮食偏咸的人属于易患高血压症的人群。
capable  adj. 能干的，能胜任的；有才华的He appeared hardly capable of conducting a coherent conversation.他看起来几乎没有能力进行连贯的谈话。The kitchen is capable of catering for several hundred people.这间厨房可为数百人提供饮食。She's a very capable speaker.她是一个非常有能力的演说者。It was all dealt with very capably by the police and security people.警方和治安人员极其出色地处理了这一切。
certify  v. 证明；保证The president certified that the project would receive at least $650m from overseas sources.总统证实该工程将获得来自海外各种渠道的至少6.5亿美元的资金。The National Election Council is supposed to certify the results of the election.国家选举委员会将为选举结果作证。An employer can demand written certification that the relative is really ill.雇主可要求书面证明以证实这位亲属确实病了。They wanted to get certified as divers.他们想拿到潜水员资格证书。...a certified public accountant.…一位注册会计师。Students would be offered on-the-job training leading to the certification of their skill in a particular field.学生将获得在职培训，他们也将因此得到在某一领域的技术合格证。
chronic  adj. 慢性的；长期的；习惯性的...chronic back pain.…长期背痛。Most of them were chronically ill.他们中大部分人都有慢性病。...a chronic worrier.…一个老是发愁的人。One cause of the artist's suicide seems to have been chronic poverty.那位艺术家自杀的原因之一好像是极度贫困。Research and technology are said to be chronically underfunded.据说研究和技术资金严重不足。
clarify  vt. 澄清；阐明Thank you for writing and allowing me to clarify the present position.谢谢你来信并允许我澄清目前的状况。The union has written to Detroit asking for clarification of the situation.工会已经写信给底特律，要求对此情况给予澄清。
client  n. [经] 客户；顾客；委托人...a lawyer and his client.…一位律师和他的委托人。
combat  vt. 反对；与…战斗Over 16 million men had died in combat.一千六百多万人在战斗中阵亡。Yesterday saw hand-to-hand combat in the city.昨天那座城里发生了肉搏战。It was the end of a long combat.那是一场长时间搏斗的结束。Congress has criticized new government measures to combat crime.国会批评了新政府防止犯罪的措施。
command  vi. 命令，指挥；控制He commanded his troops to attack.他命令他的部队进攻。"Get in your car and follow me," she commanded.“上车然后跟我来，”她命令道。The tanker failed to respond to a command to stop.油轮未能对停止前进的指令做出反应。I closed my eyes at his command.我听从他的命令闭上了眼睛。...an excellent physician who commanded the respect of all her colleagues.…一位博得所有同事尊敬的杰出医生。Yemen commands the strait at the southern end of the Red Sea.也门完全控制着红海南端的海峡。...the struggle for command of the air.…对制空权的争夺。...the French general who commands the U.N. troops in the region.…指挥着这一地区联合国部队的法国将军。...a small garrison under the command of Major James Craig.…一小支在詹姆斯·克雷格少校指挥下的卫戍部队。He had authorization from the military command to retaliate.他得到了军事指挥部进行还击的授权。I entered the command into my navigational computer.我把指令输入了我的导航计算机。Mr. Baker would take command of the campaign.贝克先生将负责这次运动。His command of English was excellent.他的英语相当出色。The country should have the right to defend itself with all legal means at its command.这个国家应该有权动用它所掌控的所有法律手段来捍卫自己。
conceal  vt. 隐藏；隐瞒Frances decided to conceal the machine behind a hinged panel.弗朗西丝决定把那台机器藏到一块可开合的镶板后面。Robert could not conceal his relief.罗伯特掩饰不住自己如释重负的心情。...a pair of carved Indian doors which conceal a built-in cupboard.…一对遮挡嵌入壁橱的印度式雕花门。
concentrate  vi. 集中；浓缩；全神贯注；聚集It was up to him to concentrate on his studies and make something of himself.他能否专心学习并有所成就取决于他自己。At work you need to be able to concentrate.工作时你要能专心。Italy's industrial districts are concentrated in its north-central and northeastern regions.意大利的工业区集中在该国中北部和东北部地区。
confidence  n. 信心；信任；秘密I have every confidence in you.我对你有完全的信任。This has contributed to the lack of confidence in the FDA.这导致了对食品与药品管理局信任的缺乏。The band is in excellent form and brimming with confidence.该乐队处于极好的状态，表现得充满信心。I can say with confidence that such rumours were totally groundless.我可以很有把握地说这些传言完全没有根据。We told you all these things in confidence.我们告诉你的这些事情都是保密的。Even telling Lois seemed a betrayal of confidence.甚至告诉洛伊斯似乎也是对保密的背叛。
congress  n. 国会；代表大会；会议；社交A lot has changed after the party congress.该党代表大会后很多都变了。
consist  vi. 由…组成；在于；符合My diet consisted almost exclusively of chocolate-covered cookies and glasses of milk.我的饮食几乎只包含裹上巧克力的曲奇饼和一杯杯牛奶。His work as a consultant consisted in advising foreign companies on the siting of new factories.他做顾问的工作主要包括就新工厂选址为外国公司提出意见。
constant  adj. 不变的；恒定的；经常的She suggests that women are under constant pressure to be abnormally thin.她提出女性受持续的压力之下要异常苗条。Inflation is a constant threat.通货膨胀是一种持续的威胁。The direction of the wind is constantly changing.风的方向在不断地变。The body feels hot and the temperature remains more or less constant at the new elevated level.身体感到热，可体温保持在升高后的新高度上差不多稳定不变。
contemplate  vt. 沉思；注视；思忖；预期For a time he contemplated a career as an army medical doctor.他曾一度考虑做一名军医。As he lay in his hospital bed that night, he cried as he contemplated his future.那天晚上他躺在医院病床上，当他反复考虑自己的未来时他哭了。It is a place of quiet contemplation.这是一个适合静静深思的地方。He contemplated his hands, still frowning.他凝视着他的双手，依然皱着眉头。He was lost in the contemplation of the landscape for a while.他沉湎在对风景的凝视中好一会儿。
continuous  adj. 连续的，持续的；继续的；连绵不断的Residents report that they heard continuous gunfire.居民们说他们听到了持续的枪声。The civil war has raged almost continuously since 1976.自1976年以来，激烈的内战几乎持续不断。...a continuous line of boats.…络绎不绝的船只。
contrive  vt. 设计；发明；图谋The oil companies were accused of contriving a shortage of petrol to justify price increases.一些石油公司为了找借口提高油价而策划谎报石油短缺，因而被起诉。
convention  n. 大会；[法] 惯例；[计] 约定；[法] 协定；习俗It's just a social convention that men don't wear skirts.男人不穿裙子仅仅是一个社会习俗。We go offstage and come back for the convention of the encore.按照惯例，当要求我们再唱一次的时候，我们得先下台然后再返回台上。...the U.N. convention on climate change.…关于气候变化的联合国公约。...the annual convention of the Society of Professional Journalists.…职业新闻工作者协会的年会。
criticize  vt. 批评；评论；非难His mother had rarely criticized him or any of her other children.他母亲很少批评他或她的其他孩子。
declare  vt. 宣布，声明；断言，宣称He declared he would not run for a second term as president.他声明不再竞选连任总统。He declared his intention to become the best golfer in the world.他表明了要成为世界上最佳高尔夫球手的意愿。The government is ready to declare a permanent ceasefire.政府已经准备好宣布永久停火。His lawyers are confident that the judges will declare Mr. Stevens innocent.他的律师们确信法官们会宣布史蒂文斯先生无罪。Declaring the wrong income by mistake will no longer lead to an automatic fine.由于失误申报收入不符的不再予以自动罚款。
decrease  n. 减少，减小；减少量Population growth is decreasing by 1.4% each year.人口增长每年下降1.4%。The number of independent firms decreased from 198 to 96.独立公司的数量从198家减到了96家。Since 1945 air forces have decreased in size.1945年以来，空军的规模已经缩小。In Spain and Portugal there has been a decrease in the number of young people out of work.在西班牙和葡萄牙，失业青年人数已经有所下降。
deliver  vt. 交付；发表；递送；释放；给予（打击）；给…接生The Canadians plan to deliver more food to southern Somalia.加拿大人计划向索马里南部运送更多的食物。They have yet to show that they can really deliver working technologies.他们仍需证明他们确实能够实现可用的技术。The question is, can he deliver?问题是他能履行吗？The president will deliver a speech about schools.校长将发表关于学校的演讲。Although we'd planned to have our baby at home, we never expected to deliver her ourselves!尽管我们是打算在家生孩子，可我们从未想过要自己给她接生!Those blows to the head could have been delivered by a woman.头上挨的那些打可能是一个女人所为。
deny  vt. 否定，否认；拒绝给予；拒绝…的要求She denied both accusations.她否认对她的两项指控。The government has denied that the authorities have uncovered a plot to assassinate the president.政府否认当局已经发现一个暗杀总统的阴谋。Two federal courts ruled that the military cannot deny prisoners access to lawyers.两联邦法院裁定军方不能拒绝让囚犯聘请律师。
designate  vt. 指定；指派；标出；把…定名为...a man interviewed in one of our studies whom we shall designate as E.…一个我们在一项研究中采访过并会将其命名为E的男人。There are efforts under way to designate the bridge a historic landmark.在努力把这座桥定为历史地标。Some of the rooms were designated as offices.其中一些房间是被指定用作办公室的。Designate someone as the spokesperson.指派某人为发言人。Japan's prime minister-designate is completing his cabinet today.日本即将上任的首相今天将完成他的内阁组建。
diminish  vt. 使减少；使变小The threat of nuclear war has diminished.核战的威胁变小了。Federalism is intended to diminish the power of the central state.联邦制度旨在削弱中央政府的权力。He never put her down or diminished her.他从未轻视过她或贬低过她。
disable  vt. 使失去能力；使残废；使无资格She did all this tendon damage and it really disabled her.她肌腱受了这么多损伤，这真地使她致残了。...if you need to disable a car alarm.…如果你要使汽车警报器失灵。
discharge  vt. 解雇；卸下；放出；免除He has a broken nose but may be discharged today.他鼻梁断了，但今天可能获准出院。He was given a conditional discharge and ordered to pay Miss Smith $500 compensation.他被判有条件释放，并被命令向史密斯小姐支付$500的赔偿金。...the quiet competence with which he discharged his many duties.…他履行他的诸多职责所用的平静的办事能力。The resulting salty water will be discharged at sea.产生的咸水将被排放到海里。They develop a fever and a watery discharge from their eyes.他们开始发烧，且有一种水状分泌物从他们的眼睛里流出。
discipline  n. 学科；纪律；训练；惩罚Order and discipline have been placed in the hands of governing bodies.秩序与纪律已交由管控机构负责。It was that image of calm, control, and discipline that appealed to millions of voters.正是那冷静、克制和自律的形象吸引了数以百万计的选民。The discipline of studying music can help children develop good work habits and improve self-esteem.学习音乐的规范训练能帮助孩子们养成良好的做事习惯和增强自尊心。The workman was disciplined by his company but not dismissed.这名工人被他的公司处罚了，但没有被开除。Discipline yourself to check your messages once a day or every couple of days.训练你自己每天或每两天查看一次你的留言。We're looking for people from a wide range of disciplines.我们正在寻找各类学科的人才。
discount  n. 折扣；贴现率They are often available at a discount.它们经常可以以折扣价买到。All full-time staff get a 20 percent discount.所有全职员工都可以享受8折优惠。This has forced airlines to discount fares heavily in order to spur demand.这已经迫使多家航空公司对机票大幅打折以刺激需求。However, traders tended to discount the rumour.但是，商人们倾向于不理会这个传闻。
discourage  vt. 阻止；使气馁It may be difficult to do at first. Don't let this discourage you.开始时做起来也许比较困难。不要让这个泄你的气。She was determined not to be too discouraged.她下了决心不要太气馁。...typhoons that discouraged shopping and leisure activities.…打消购物和休闲活动的念头的数起台风。
dismiss  vt. 解散；解雇；开除；让...离开；不予理会、不予考虑Mr. Wakeham dismissed the reports as speculation.韦克厄姆先生把这些报道当作臆测而不予理会。I dismissed the problem from my mind.我从心中摒除了这个问题。...the power to dismiss civil servants who refuse to work.…解雇拒绝工作的公务员们的权力。Two more witnesses were called, heard, and dismissed.又有两名证人被传讯后获准离开了。A federal judge dismissed the charges against the doctor yesterday.一名联邦法官昨天驳回了对该医生的指控。
dispute  vt. 辩论；怀疑；阻止；抗拒They have won previous pay disputes with the government.他们曾赢过前几起与政府的工资纠纷。He disputed the allegations.他驳斥了这些无根据的指控。Nobody disputed that Davey was clever.没有人反驳戴维是聪明的。Russia and Ukraine have been disputing the ownership of the fleet.俄罗斯和乌克兰一直在争夺该舰队的所有权。The two countries are in dispute over the boundaries of their coastal waters.两国对它们沿海海域的边界是有争议的。The schedule for the talks has been agreed, but the location is still in dispute.会谈的时间表已经达成一致，但地点尚有争议。
dissolve  vt. 使溶解；使分解；使液化Heat gently until the sugar dissolves.微微加热直到糖溶解。The committee has been dissolved.委员会被解散了。The present assembly will be dissolved on April 30th.本届议会将于4月30日解散。The marriage was dissolved in 1976.那桩婚姻在1976年被解除了。His new-found optimism dissolved.他刚刚建立的乐观情绪消失了。
domain  n. 领域；域名；产业；地产...the great experimenters in the domain of art.…艺术领域里伟大的实验者们。An Internet society spokeswoman said .org domain users will not experience any disruptions during the transition.一位互联网协会的女发言人说，在这次过渡中，域名为的用户不会受到任何影响。
donate  vt. 捐赠；捐献He frequently donates large sums to charity.他经常向慈善机构大笔捐款。...the donation of his collection to the art gallery.…他向艺术馆所做的收藏品捐赠。...people who are willing to donate their organs for use after death.…愿意在死后捐献器官的人。...measures aimed at encouraging organ donation.…旨在鼓励器官捐献的措施。
eccentric  adj. 古怪的，反常的He is an eccentric character who likes wearing a beret and dark glasses.他是个怪人，喜欢戴贝雷帽和墨镜。Askew used several names, and had a reputation as an eccentric.艾斯丘用过几个名字，并以“怪人”著称。
economics  n. 经济学；国家的经济状况His younger sister is studying economics.他的妹妹在学经济学。
encounter  vt. 遭遇，邂逅；遇到Every day of our lives we encounter major and minor stresses of one kind or another.生活中的每一天，我们会遇到或大或小的这样那样的压力。Did you encounter anyone in the building?你在那栋大楼里偶然遇到什么人了吗？The author tells of a remarkable encounter with a group of South Vietnamese soldiers.作者讲述了他与一群南越士兵的惊人邂逅。...a sexual encounter.…一次性经历。
endanger  vt. 危及；使遭到危险The debate could endanger the proposed Mideast peace talks.这场争论可能会危害中东和谈的倡议。
enrich  vt. 使充实；使肥沃；使富足It is important to enrich the soil prior to planting.栽种之前给土壤施肥很重要。He will drain, rather than enrich, the country.他将耗尽而不是增加国家的财富。
enrol  vt. 登记；卷起；入学；使入会Cherny was enrolled at the University in 1945.彻尼是1945年注册上大学的。Her mother enrolled her in acting classes.她母亲给她报了表演班。
entitle  vt. 称做…；定名为…；给…称号；使…有权利If the warranty is limited, the terms may entitle you to a replacement or refund.如果保修单有限制，这些条款可让你有权换货或退款。They are entitled to first class travel.他们有权享受头等舱旅行。...a performance entitled "United States."…一场名为“合众国”的演出。
essence  n. 本质，实质；精华；香精The essence of consultation is to listen to, and take account of, the views of those consulted.咨询的本质是倾听并把那些被咨询者的观点考虑进来。Speed was of the essence in a project of this type.速度在一个这种类型的项目中至关重要。Though complicated in detail, local taxes are in essence simple.虽然细节复杂，地方税本质上是简单的。...a few drops of vanilla essence.…几滴香草精油。
evacuate  vt. 疏散，撤退；排泄They were planning to evacuate the seventy American officials still in the country.他们当时在计划将仍在那个国家的70位美国官员撤离。...the evacuation of the sick and wounded.…伤病员的撤离。An evacuation of the city's four-million inhabitants is planned for later this week.该市400万居民的撤离计划本周晚些时候进行。The fire is threatening about sixty homes, and residents have evacuated the area.这场大火威胁着约六十个家庭，居民已经撤离了该地区。...the mass evacuation of the Bosnian town of Srebrenica.…波斯尼亚的斯雷布雷尼察镇大撤离。
executive  adj. 行政的；经营的；执行的，经营管理的...an advertising executive.…一位广告执行总监。A successful job search needs to be as well organized as any other executive task.一次成功的寻职要像任何其他执行任务一样精心安排。...an executive briefcase.…一个高级公文包。They opted to put an executive committee in charge of the project rather than a single person.他们选择由一个执行委员会而非个人来负责这个项目。The government, the executive and the judiciary are supposed to be separate.政府、行政和司法应该彼此分立。
exhibit  vt. 展览；显示；提出（证据等）He has exhibited symptoms of anxiety and overwhelming worry.他已表现出焦虑和忧心如焚的症状。His work was exhibited in the best galleries in America, Europe and Asia.他的作品在美国、欧洲和亚洲最好的美术馆展览过。Five large pieces of the wall are currently on exhibition.那堵墙的五块大碎片目前在展览。He has also exhibited at galleries and museums in New York and Washington.他还在纽约和华盛顿的美术馆及博物馆展出过作品。Shona showed me around the exhibits.肖纳带我参观了展品。...an exhibit at the Metropolitan Museum of Art.…大都会艺术博物馆的一场展览。The jury has already asked to see more than 40 exhibits from the trial.陪审团已经要求查看了审判中超过40件的证物。
exposure  n. 暴露；曝光；揭露；陈列Exposure to lead is known to damage the brains of young children.已知接触铅会损害幼童的大脑。He was suffering from exposure and shock but his condition was said to be stable.他受冻休克，但他的状态据说很稳定。He undertook increasingly dangerous assignments until his exposure as a spy.在间谍身份暴露之前他一直从事日益危险的任务。All the candidates have been getting an enormous amount of exposure on television and in the press.所有候选人都在争取大量的电视和新闻媒体宣传。Larger drawings tend to require two or three exposures to cover them.较大的图画需要两到三张底片来覆盖。
extravagant  adj. 奢侈的；浪费的；过度的；放纵的We are not extravagant; restaurant meals are a luxury and designer clothes are out.我们并不浪费；餐馆用餐是一种奢侈，品牌服装也与我们无缘。The day before they left Jeff had shopped extravagantly for presents for the whole family.他们离开的前一天杰夫已奢侈地为全家人采购了礼物。Her aunt gave her an uncharacteristically extravagant gift.她的姑妈给了她一件贵得离谱的礼物。Baking a whole cheese in pastry may seem extravagant.烤糕饼时加一整块奶酪可能显得过于浪费。By supercar standards, though, it is not extravagantly priced for a beautifully engineered machine.不过以超级车的标准来看，这样一台设计精美的机车定价并不过高。He was extravagant in his admiration of Hellas.他对希腊的崇拜过了头。She had on occasion praised him extravagantly.她有时曾过分地表扬他。Don't be afraid to consider apparently extravagant ideas.别怕考虑那些明显不切实际的主意。
flexible  adj. 灵活的；柔韧的；易弯曲的...brushes with long, flexible bristles.…毛长而柔韧的刷子。The flexibility of the lens decreases with age; it is therefore common for our sight to worsen as we get older.眼球晶状体的柔韧性随着年龄的增长而降低；因此普遍的情况是随着我们年纪变老，我们的视力就会变差。...flexible working hours.…弹性工作时间。The flexibility of distance learning would be particularly suited to busy managers.远程学习的灵活性尤其会适合忙碌的经理们。
flush  n. 激动，洋溢；面红；萌芽；旺盛；奔流Do you sweat a lot or flush a lot?你常出汗或是常脸红吗？There was a slight flush on his cheeks.他的面颊上有淡淡的红晕。Her face was flushed with anger.她气得满脸通红。She flushed the toilet and went back in the bedroom.她冲了马桶，然后回到卧室。He heard the flush of a toilet.他听到马桶的冲水声。He was found trying to flush the pills down the toilet.他被发现试图从马桶冲掉药丸。Flush the eye with clean cold water for at least 15 minutes.用干净的冷水冲洗眼睛至少15分钟。...an "alternative" therapy that gently flushes out the colon to remove toxins.…通过温和冲洗大肠排毒的一种“替代”疗法。That won't flush out all the sewage, but it should unclog some stinking drains.那样做不会冲走全部的污水，但应该能疏通一下发臭的下水道。They flushed them out of their hiding places.他们将其赶出藏身之地。
flush  n. 激动，洋溢；面红；萌芽；旺盛；奔流Do you sweat a lot or flush a lot?你常出汗或是常脸红吗？There was a slight flush on his cheeks.他的面颊上有淡淡的红晕。Her face was flushed with anger.她气得满脸通红。She flushed the toilet and went back in the bedroom.她冲了马桶，然后回到卧室。He heard the flush of a toilet.他听到马桶的冲水声。He was found trying to flush the pills down the toilet.他被发现试图从马桶冲掉药丸。Flush the eye with clean cold water for at least 15 minutes.用干净的冷水冲洗眼睛至少15分钟。...an "alternative" therapy that gently flushes out the colon to remove toxins.…通过温和冲洗大肠排毒的一种“替代”疗法。That won't flush out all the sewage, but it should unclog some stinking drains.那样做不会冲走全部的污水，但应该能疏通一下发臭的下水道。They flushed them out of their hiding places.他们将其赶出藏身之地。
guidance  n. 指导，引导；领导...an opportunity for young people to improve their performance under the guidance of professional coaches.…一个让年轻人在专业教练指导下提高成绩的机会。
handicap  n. 障碍；不利条件，不利的因素He lost his leg when he was ten, but learned to overcome his handicap.他10岁时失去了一条腿，但学会了战胜自己的残疾。Being a foreigner was not a handicap.作一名外国人并不是一个不利条件。Greater levels of stress may seriously handicap some students.更高程度的压力可能会将一些学生置于不利地位。I see your handicap is down from 16 to 12.我注意到你的差点从16降到了12。...the Melbourne Cup, a two-mile handicap.…墨尔本杯，一场两英里的让步赛。
haunt  vt. 常出没于…；萦绕于…；经常去…He would always be haunted by that scene in Well Park.他将不断回想起威尔公园的那一幕。The stigma of being a bankrupt is likely to haunt him for the rest of his life.作为一名破产者的耻辱很可能在他的余生不断来纠缠他。The islands are a favourite summer haunt for yachtsmen.这片岛屿是游艇驾驶者夏天最爱去的一个地方。His ghost is said to haunt some of the rooms, banging a toy drum.据说他的鬼魂常在其中一些屋子里出现，还敲打着一个玩具鼓。
hint  n. 暗示；线索I'd dropped a hint about having an exhibition of his work up here.我暗示要在这里举办一次他的作品展。"I think I hear the telephone ringing."—"Okay, I can take a hint."“我想我听见了电话在响。”—“好的，我明白你的意思。”She hinted at the possibility of a treat of some sort.她暗示可以找找乐子什么的。Here are some helpful hints to make your journey easier.这里是一些有用的建议，可以使你的旅途更舒适。She added only a hint of vermouth to the gin.她往杜松子酒里只加了一点儿苦艾酒。
hook  n. 挂钩，吊钩One of his jackets hung from a hook.他的一件夹克衫挂在挂钩上。Paul hooked his tractor to the car and pulled it to safety.保罗把他的拖拉机挂在那辆小汽车上，然后把它拖到安全的地方。She latched on to his arm, hooking her other arm around a tree.她一只手抓住他的胳膊，另一只胳膊抱住一棵树。At the first cast I hooked a huge fish, probably a tench.第一次抛竿我就钓到了一条大鱼，可能是条丁鲷。Lewis desperately needs to keep clear of Ruddock's big left hook.刘易斯务必要拼命躲开拉多克强有力的左钩拳。I'm guessing again now because I'm not hooked into the political circles.现在我又在猜测了，因为我没有涉足政界。Officials accused of bribery and corruption get off the hook with monotonous regularity.被指控受贿和贪污的官员无一例外总能脱身。I'd taken my phone off the hook in order to get some sleep.我把电话听筒拿了下来，以便可以睡会儿觉。Since war broke out, the phones at donation centres have been ringing off the hook.自从战争爆发以来，捐款中心的电话一直响个不停。
imitate  vt. 模仿，仿效；仿造，仿制...a genuine German musical that does not try to imitate the American model.…一部不试图模仿美国模式的正宗德国音乐剧。Clarence screws up his face and imitates the Colonel again.克拉伦斯又板起面孔，模仿上校的样。
impair  vt. 损害；削弱；减少Consumption of alcohol impairs your ability to drive a car or operate machinery.饮酒会削弱你驾驶汽车或操纵机器的能力。The blast left him with permanently impaired hearing.爆炸造成了他永久性听力损伤。
initial  adj. 最初的；字首的The initial reaction has been excellent.最初的反应极好。...a silver Porsche with her initials JB on the side.…一辆银色保时捷汽车，侧面有她的姓名首字母JB。Would you mind initialling this voucher?请您在这张单子上签上姓名的首字母，好吗？
initiate  vt. 开始，创始；发起；使初步了解They wanted to initiate a discussion on economics.他们想发起一次关于经济学的讨论。He initiated her into the study of other cultures.他引导她进入对于其他文化的研究。In many societies, young people are formally initiated into their adult roles.在很多社会，年轻人要通过正式的仪式进入成年。
inject  vt. 注入；注射His son was injected with strong drugs.他的儿子被注射了强效的药。The technique consists of injecting healthy cells into the weakened muscles.这项技术包括把健康细胞注射进衰弱的肌肉里。She kept trying to inject a little fun into their relationship.她一直设法给他们的关系增添一点情趣。The insurance fund would inject $750 into the banks.该保险基金将向银行投入750美元。
institute  vt. 开始（调查）；制定；创立；提起（诉讼）...the National Cancer Institute.…国家癌症研究所。We will institute a number of measures to better safeguard the public.我们将制定许多措施更好地保护公众。
intense  adj. 强烈的；紧张的；非常的；热情的He was sweating from the intense heat.由于剧烈的热量，他一直出汗。Stevens's murder was the result of a deep-seated and intense hatred.史蒂文斯凶杀案源于深仇大恨。The fast-food business is intensely competitive.快餐业竞争非常激烈。The battle for third place was intense.竞争第3名的较量很紧张。I felt so self-conscious under Luke's mother's intense gaze.在卢克母亲热切的注视下，我感到很不自在。He sipped his drink, staring intensely at me.他一边小口喝着饮料，一边热切地盯着我。I know he's an intense player, but he does enjoy what he's doing.我知道他是名很认真的选手，可他确实喜欢他所做的事情。His intensity and the ferocity of his feelings alarmed me.他的过分认真和激烈的感受令我恐慌。
intuition  n. 直觉；直觉力；直觉的知识Her intuition was telling her that something was wrong.她的直觉在告诉她事情有些不对头。
justify  vi. 证明合法；整理版面No argument can justify a war.没有任何理由能证明一个战争有理。Click on this icon to align or justify text at both the left and right margins.点击这个图标调整文本，使其左右两端对齐。
lens  n. 透镜，镜头；眼睛中的水晶体；晶状体；隐形眼镜；汽车的灯玻璃...a camera lens.…一个照相机镜头。...degenerative changes in the lens of the eye.…眼睛晶状体的退化。
liberal  adj. 自由主义的；慷慨的；不拘泥的；宽大的She is known to have liberal views on divorce and contraception.大家知道，她对于离婚和避孕持开明的观点。...a nation of free-thinking liberals.…一个思想自由的开明者的国家。...a liberal democracy with a multiparty political system.…多党政体的自由民主国家。These kinds of price controls go against all the financial principles of the free market liberals.这些价格控制违反了支持自由市场的自由主义者的所有金融原则。She withdrew because she did not wish to split the Liberal vote.她退出是因为不想分散自由党的选票。The Liberals hold twenty-three seats.自由党拥有23个席位。As always he is liberal with his jokes.他总有讲不完的笑话。Chemical products were used liberally over agricultural land.化学产品被大量用于农田。
limited  adj. 有限的They may only have a limited amount of time to get their points across.他们可能只有有限的时间来阐述清楚他们的观点。
manifest  vt. 证明，表明；显示...the manifest failure of the policies.…这些政策明显的失败。She manifestly failed to last the mile-and-a-half of the race.她显然没有跑完1.5英里的比赛。He manifested a pleasing personality on stage.他在舞台上表现出讨人喜欢的个性。The virus needs two weeks to manifest itself.这种病毒需要两周才能发作。The same alarm is manifest everywhere.同样的恐慌在各地都已出现。
mingle  vi. 混合；交往Now the cheers and applause mingled in a single sustained roar.这时欢呼声和掌声汇聚成了一阵经久不息的轰响。Go out of your way to mingle with others at the wedding.在婚礼上你要主动地和别人交际。Guests ate and mingled.客人们边吃边交谈。
minimum  n. 最小值；最低限度；最小化；最小量He was only five feet nine, the minimum height for a policeman.他只有5.9英尺高，这是警察身高要求的底线。This will take a minimum of one hour.这最少要用一个小时。The basic needs of life are available with minimum effort.生活的基本需求花很小的力气就能得到。With a minimum of fuss, she produced the grandson he had so desperately wished for.她不声不响地生出了他翘首以待的孙子。You're talking over a thousand dollars minimum for one course.你们在讨论一门课程至少一千美元。
monitor  n. 监视器；监听器；监控器；显示屏；班长Officials had not been allowed to monitor the voting.官员们未曾获许监控选举。Peter Murray is in Washington and has been monitoring reports out of Monrovia.彼得·默里在华盛顿，一直监听来自蒙罗维亚的报道。The heart monitor shows low levels of consciousness.心脏监控器显示低意识水平。He was watching a game of tennis on a television monitor.他那时正在电视监控器上观看一场网球赛。Government monitors will continue to accompany reporters.政府监督员们将继续陪同记者们。
necessity  n. 需要；必然性；必需品There is agreement on the necessity of reforms.关于改革的必要性有一致意见。As soon as the necessity for action is over the troops must be withdrawn.一旦军事行动的必要性不复存在，部队必须撤离。...large families where children, of necessity, shared a bed.…孩子们必定共睡一张床的大型家庭。Water is a basic necessity of life.水是一种基本生活必需品。The president pleaded that strong rule from the centre was a necessity.总统争辩说来自中央的强有力的统治是一种必然。
negative  adj. [数] 负的；消极的；否定的；阴性的The news from overseas is overwhelmingly negative.来自海外的消息完全不容乐观。This will negatively affect the result over the first half of the year.这将会给前半年的结果带来负面影响。When asked for your views about your current job, on no account must you be negative about it.当被问及你对自己目前工作的看法时，你无论如何都不能持否定态度。A few weeks later he said that maybe he viewed all his relationships rather negatively.几个星期后，他说或许他把自己和他人的各种关系看得太消极了。Dr. Velayati gave a vague but negative response.韦拉亚提医生做出了一个含糊但否定的答复。Upon a negative decision, the applicant loses the protection offered by Belgian law.一旦得到否定裁决，申请人就失去了比利时法律所给予的保护。Sixty percent of people answered negatively.60%的人做出了否定回答。In the past we have heard only negatives when it came to following a healthy diet.过去一谈到遵循健康饮食我们就只听到否定的意见。So far 57 have taken the test and all have been negative.到目前为止已有57人进行了这项检验，所有人都呈阴性反应。...negatives of Diana's wedding dress.…戴安娜婚纱照的底片。Stimulate the injury or site of greatest pain with a small negative current.用一股微弱的负电流刺激伤处或最疼的地方。As these electrons are negatively charged they will attempt to repel each other.由于这些电子都带负电荷，它们会相互排斥。Difficult texts record a positive score and simple ones score negative numbers.难度大的文本标为正值，简单的文本标为负值。The Council answered those questions in the negative.理事会对那些问题做出了否定回答。
novel  adj. 新奇的；异常的...a novel by Herman Hesse.…一部赫尔曼·赫西写的长篇小说。Protesters found a novel way of demonstrating against steeply rising oil prices.抗议者们找到一种新奇的示威方式来反对石油价格的飙升。
novel  adj. 新奇的；异常的...a novel by Herman Hesse.…一部赫尔曼·赫西写的长篇小说。Protesters found a novel way of demonstrating against steeply rising oil prices.抗议者们找到一种新奇的示威方式来反对石油价格的飙升。
obscure  adj. 昏暗的，朦胧的；晦涩的，不清楚的；隐蔽的；不著名的，无名的The origin of the custom is obscure.该习俗的起源鲜为人知。The contracts are written in obscure language.那些合同是用复杂难懂的语言写的。Trees obscured his vision; he couldn't see much of the square's southern half.树木遮住了他的视线，他不怎么看得见广场南半部。...the jargon that frequently obscures educational writing.…常使教学行文变得复杂难懂的术语。
opponent  n. 对手；反对者；敌手...Mr. Kennedy's opponent in the leadership contest.…肯尼迪先生在领导权竞争中的对手。Norris twice knocked down his opponent in the early rounds of the fight.诺里斯在拳击赛的头几个回合中，曾两度击倒他的对手。...opponents of the spread of nuclear weapons.…核武器扩散的反对者们。
patch  n. 眼罩；斑点；碎片；小块土地...the bald patch on the top of his head.…他头顶上那块秃斑。There was a small patch of blue in the grey clouds.乌云中透着一小块蓝天。...a patch of land covered in forest.…一块长着树林的田地。...the little vegetable patch in her backyard.…在她后院的小块菜地。...jackets with patches on the elbows.…肘部打着补丁的夹克。She went to the hospital and found him lying down with a patch over his eye.她去医院看见他躺着，眼睛上蒙着眼罩。He and Walker patched the barn roof.他和沃克修补了那个谷仓的顶。One of the mechanics took off the damaged tyre, and took it back to the station to be patched.其中一个机械师取下受损轮胎，把它拿到站里修补。Older machines will need a software patch to correct the date.旧的机器需要软件补丁来修正日期。His marriage was going through a rough patch.他的婚姻正处于一段艰难时期。
peak  n. 山峰；最高点；顶点；帽舌The firm has slashed its workforce from a peak of 150,000 in 2000.2000年那家公司把其员工从15万峰值进行了大幅裁减。...a flourishing career that was at its peak at the time of his death.…在他去世时处于鼎盛时期的兴旺事业。Temperatures have peaked at over 90 degrees.温度已达到峰值，超过了90度。Today's price is 59% lower than the peak level of $1.5 million.今天的价格比150万美元的峰值水平低了59%。It's always crowded at peak times.在高峰期总是很拥挤。...the snow-covered peaks.…白雪覆盖的山峰。His eyes were shaded by the peak of his cap.他的眼睛被帽檐遮住。
personality  n. 个性；品格；名人She has such a kind, friendly personality.她有着如此友善的性格。The contest was as much about personalities as it was about politics.这次竞赛既比政治策略，又比品质性格。...a woman of great personality.…一个很有个性的女人。...the radio and television personality, Johnny Carson.…广播电视名人约翰尼·卡森。
principle  n. 原理，原则；主义，道义；本质，本义；根源，源泉Buck never allowed himself to be bullied into doing anything that went against his principles.巴克从来不让自己被迫做任何违背自己原则的事。It's not just a matter of principle.这不仅仅是个原则问题。...a violation of the basic principles of Marxism.…对马克思主义基本原理的一种违背。These people lack all understanding of scientific principles.这些人缺乏对科学原理的全面理解。I agree with it in principle but I doubt if it will happen in practice.我原则上是同意它的，但我怀疑在实践中它是否会发生。Even assuming this to be in principle possible, it will not be achieved soon.即使假定这在理论上是可能的，它也不会很快就能实现。He would vote against it on principle.他会依据原则投票反对它。
privacy  n. 隐私；秘密；隐居；隐居处He resented the publication of this book, which he saw as an embarrassing invasion of his privacy.他憎恨这本书的出版，它将此看作是对其隐私的令人难堪的侵犯。Thatched pavilions provide shady retreats for relaxing and reading in privacy.茅亭为独自放松和看书提供阴凉的幽僻之所。
procedure  n. 程序，手续；步骤A biopsy is usually a minor surgical procedure.活组织切除通常是一个较小的外科手术。Police insist that Michael did not follow the correct procedure in applying for a visa.警方坚持认为迈克尔没有按正确的程序申请签证。
prospect  n. 前途；预期；景色Unfortunately, there is little prospect of seeing these big questions answered.遗憾的是，几乎没有可能看到这些重大问题得到解答。The prospects for peace in the country's eight-year civil war are becoming brighter.在该国的8年内战中，和平的前景正变得越来越光明。There was a mixed reaction to the prospect of having new neighbours.对于将要有新邻居这件事有多种反应。I chose to work abroad to improve my career prospects.我选择到国外工作，以增进我的事业成功的机会。He had prospected for minerals everywhere from the Gobi Desert to the Transvaal.他在世界各地探过矿，从戈壁沙漠到德兰士瓦。
radiate  vt. 辐射；传播；流露；发射；广播Many kinds of woodland can be seen on the various walks which radiate from the Heritage Centre.从遗产中心向外伸展的各条走道上可以看到多种林地。She radiates happiness and health.她浑身洋溢着快乐与健康。The metal plate behind my head radiated heat.我脑后的金属盘散发出热量。
rank  n. 排；等级；军衔；队列He eventually rose to the rank of captain.他最终升到了船长的职位。He must be treated as a hostage of high rank, not as a common prisoner.他一定要作为一个高级人质而不是一般囚徒来对待。The report ranks the U.S. 20th out of 22 advanced nations.这份报告把美国排在22个发达国家的第20位。...the only Canadian woman to be ranked in the top 50 of the women's world rankings.…进入世界妇女排行榜前50名的惟一的加拿大妇女。His prices rank high among those of other contemporary photographers.他的要价与其他同时代的摄影师相比居高。Investors ranked South Korea high among Asian nations.投资者在亚洲国家中更看重韩国。St. Petersburg's night life ranks as more exciting than the capital's.圣彼得堡的夜生活比首都的更令人激动。There were some misgivings within the ranks of the media too.媒体内部成员也有一些担忧。Most shop managers have worked their way up through the ranks.大部分的商店经理都是从普通员工干上来的。Ranks of police in riot gear stood nervously by.一排排配有防暴设备的警察紧张地站在一边。Luckily there was a taxi rank nearby.幸好附近有个出租车候客处。rank weedsa rank outsiderBritain appears unlikely to break ranks with other members of the European Union.英国似乎不会背弃欧盟其他成员国。Institutions tend to close ranks when a member has been accused of misconduct.各个机构在其某一成员被指控行为不当时都会同心合力。
recall  vt. 召回；回想起，记起；取消Henderson recalled that he first met Pollard during a business trip to Washington.亨德森记起他是在一次去华盛顿出差的途中第一次与波拉德结识的。His mother later recalled: "He used to stay up until two o'clock in the morning playing these war games."他的母亲后来回忆道：“他过去常常熬夜到凌晨2点玩这些打仗的游戏。”"What was his name?"—"I don't recall."“他叫什么名字？”—“我想不起来了。”He had a good memory, and total recall of her spoken words.他有好记性，能完全回忆出她说过的话。The U. S. envoy was recalled to Washington.该美国特使被召回了华盛顿。The recall of Ambassador Alan Green is a public signal of America's concern.艾伦·格林大使的召回是美国关注此事的公开信号。The company said it was recalling one of its drugs and had stopped selling two others.该公司说它正在召回它的一种药品，而且已经停售了另外两种药品。...a recall of the laptops due to defective supply parts.…因为有缺陷的配件而对笔记本电脑的召回。
refine  vt. 精炼，提纯；改善；使…文雅Oil is refined to remove naturally occurring impurities.油经过提炼去除天然生成的杂质。...oil refining.…炼油。Surgical techniques are constantly being refined.外科手术技术正在不断得到完善。
refrain  vi. 节制，克制；避免；制止Mrs. Hardie refrained from making any comment.哈迪太太忍住了没做任何评论。...a refrain from an old song.…一首老歌的副歌。Rosa's constant refrain is that she doesn't have a life.罗莎总是不断重复的一句话就是她生活得很无聊。
regulate  vt. 调节，规定；控制；校准；有系统地管理Under such a plan, the government would regulate competition among insurance companies so that everyone gets care at lower cost.根据这样一个计划，政府会控制保险公司之间的竞争，这样每个人都能以较低价格获得保险。
release  vt. 释放；发射；让与；允许发表He was released from custody the next day.他第二天被从拘留中释放。He called for the immediate release of all political prisoners.他要求立即释放所有的政治犯。Divorce releases both the husband and wife from all marital obligations to each other.离婚解除了夫妻相互之间的所有婚姻义务。Our therapeutic style offers release from stored tensions, traumas, and grief.我们的治疗方式意在解除蓄积的压力、创伤和悲痛。Becoming your own person releases your creativity.保持你自己的本色可以释放出你的创造力。She felt the sudden sweet release of her own tears.她感到自己的眼泪突然而甜蜜地流出来。They're not releasing any more details yet.他们还不准备发放更多详情。Action had been taken to speed up the release of cheques.已采取行动来加速支票的发放。He stopped and faced her, releasing her wrist.他停下来面对着她，放开了她的手腕。...a weapon that releases toxic nerve gas.…一种释放神经毒气的武器。Under the agreement, releases of cancer-causing chemicals will be cut by about 80 percent.根据这个协议，致癌化学物的释放将被削减80％左右。He is releasing an album of love songs.他将发行一张情歌专辑。Of the new releases that are out there now, which do you think are really good?现在外面新的发行物中，你觉得哪些真正好呢？
relevant  adj. 相关的；切题的；中肯的；有重大关系的；有意义的，目的明确的Is religion still relevant to most people's lives?宗教和大多数人的生活还有关系吗？
reliable  adj. 可靠的；可信赖的She was efficient and reliable.她既能干又可靠。It's been working reliably for years.它多年来一直可靠地运转着。There is no reliable information about civilian casualties.还没有关于平民伤亡的可靠信息。Sonia, we are reliably informed, loves her family very much.我们得到可靠消息，索尼亚非常爱她的家人。
reluctant  adj. 不情愿的；勉强的；顽抗的Mr. Spero was reluctant to ask for help.斯珀洛先生不愿意请求帮助。We have reluctantly agreed to let him go.我们已勉强同意让他走了。
remark  n. 注意；言辞I remarked that I would go shopping that afternoon.我说过那天下午我要去买东西。On several occasions she had remarked on the boy's improvement.有几次她说起过那个男孩的进步。She has made outspoken remarks about the legalization of marijuana.她直言不讳地评论过大麻合法化问题。
repel  vt. 击退；抵制；使厌恶；使不愉快They have fifty thousand troops along the border ready to repel any attack.他们沿边界有5万军队，随时准备击退任何进攻。...a violent excitement that frightened and repelled her.…使她害怕和厌恶的一次暴力骚动。She was very striking but in some way I felt repelled.她非常吸引人，但是我觉得有些反感。
represent  vt. 代表；表现；描绘；回忆；再赠送...the politicians we elect to represent us.…我们所选的代表我们的政治家。...Richard Bolling, a Democrat who represented Missouri in Congress.…理查德•博林，一个在国会中代表密苏里州的民主党人。The general secretary may represent the president at official ceremonies.秘书长可以在官方仪式上代表主席。My only aim is to represent the United States at the Olympics.我惟一的目标就是代表美国参加奥运会。Women are already well represented in the area of TV drama.女性在电视戏剧领域已经占有很大比例。...a black dot in the middle of the circle is supposed to represent the source of the radiation.…圆圈中央的黑点应该表示射线的来源。New York represents everything that's great about America.纽约象征着美国伟大的一切。The popular press tends to represent him as an environmental guru.大众媒体倾向于把他描绘成环保领袖。
reserve  n. 储备，储存；自然保护区；预备队；缄默；[金融] 储备金A double room with a balcony overlooking the sea had been reserved for him.一个带一座阳台的海景双人间已被预留给他了。I'll reserve a table for five.我要预订一个5人的餐位。The Persian Gulf has 65 percent of the world's oil reserves.波斯湾拥有全世界石油储备的65%。I hope that you'll overcome your reserve and let me know.我希望你能克服矜持，让我知道。He poked around the top of his cabinet for the bottle of whisky that he kept in reserve.他在壁橱的上面翻找他留的那瓶威士忌。
resist  vi. 抵抗，抗拒；忍耐They resisted our attempts to modernize the distribution of books.他们抵制我们将书籍发行现代化的努力。The man was shot outside his house as he tried to resist arrest.那个男人因为试图拒捕在他住宅外被击中。When she attempted to cut his nails he resisted.当她试图给他剪指甲时，他反抗了。Congress should resist the temptation to try quick economic fixes.国会应该抗拒尝试快速经济调整的诱惑。...bodies trained and toughened to resist the cold.…经过锻炼和强化能抵抗寒冷的身体。
respond  vi. 回答；作出反应；承担责任They are likely to respond positively to the president's request for aid.他们有可能积极地回应该总统的援助请求。The army responded with gunfire and tear gas.军方以炮火和催泪弹回应。"I have no idea," she responded.“我不知道，”她回应道。This modest group size allows our teachers to respond to the needs of each student.这个适中的小组规模使得我们的老师们可以应对每个学生的需要。I'm pleased to say that he is now doing well and responding to treatment.我很高兴地说他现在正在顺利恢复，治疗是有效果的。
response  n. 响应；反应；回答There has been no response to his remarks from the government.政府方面对他的评论一直没有反应。
retain  vt. 保持；雇；记住The interior of the shop still retains a nineteenth-century atmosphere.那家商店内部依然保持着19世纪的格调。
revenue  n. 税收收入；财政收入；收益...a boom year at the movies, with record advertising revenue and the highest ticket sales since 1980.…电影业欣欣向荣的一年，广告及票房收入都创下1980年以来的最高纪录。
reward  n. [劳经] 报酬；报答；酬谢A bonus of up to five percent can be added to a student's final exam score as a reward for good spelling, punctuation, and grammar.作为对正确的拼写、标点和语法的奖励，多达5分的加分可以加到学生期末考试成绩中。The firm last night offered a $10,000 reward for information leading to the conviction of the killer.这家公司昨晚对能将凶手定罪的信息悬赏1万美元。Make the extra effort to impress the buyer and you will be rewarded with a quicker sale at a better price.格外卖力地给买主一个好印象，你就会被报以用更佳的价格更快地卖掉商品。The company is just starting to reap the rewards of long-term investments.这家公司正开始收获长期投资的回报。
rigorous  adj. 严格的，严厉的；严密的；严酷的The selection process is based on rigorous tests of competence and experience.挑选过程是建立在对能力和经验严格缜密的考核的基础之上的。...rigorously conducted research.…严格进行的研究。He is rigorous in his control of expenditure.他在控制开支方面一丝不苟。
sample  vt. 取样；尝试；抽样检查You'll receive samples of paint, curtains and upholstery.你将收到涂料、窗帘和座套的样品。We're giving away 2,000 free samples.我们正在赠送2000件免费样品。They took samples of my blood.他们采了我的血样。We based our analysis on a random sample of more than 200 males.我们把我们的分析基于二百多名男性的一组随机抽样。We sampled a selection of different bottled waters.我们品尝了挑选出来的各种瓶装水。...the chance to sample a different way of life.…体验一种不同生活方式的机会。
secretary  n. 秘书；书记；部长；大臣...a former Venezuelan foreign secretary.…一位前任委内瑞拉外交部长。
site  n. 地点；位置；场所I was working as a foreman on a building site.我在一个建筑工地当工头。Scientists have described the Aral sea as the site of the worst ecological disaster on earth.科学家们把咸海描绘成地球上生态环境最差的地方。...the site of Moses' tomb.…摩西墓遗址。He said chemical weapons had never been sited in Germany.他说从未在德国部署过化学武器。...controls on the siting of gas storage vessels.…对煤气储存罐选址的种种限制。It is cheaper to have extra building work done when the builder is on site, rather than bringing him back for a small job.趁建筑工人在工地上时叫他们完成额外的建筑工作要比叫他回来做一点小工便宜。There is ample car parking off site.外面有个很大的停车场。
skeptical  adj. 怀疑的；怀疑论的，不可知论的
slump  vi. 下降，衰落；倒下；大幅度下降，暴跌Net profits slumped by 41%.净利润暴跌了41%。The council's land is now worth much less than originally hoped because of a slump in property prices.由于地产价格的暴跌，委员会的土地目前大不如原来所希望的那么值钱了。...the slump of the early 1980s.…20世纪80年代初期的经济萧条时期。She slumped into a chair.她瘫倒在一张椅子上。
specialize  vi. 专门从事；详细说明；特化...a University professor who specializes in the history of the Russian empire.…一位专门研究沙俄历史的大学教授。This degree offers a major specialization in social policy alongside a course in sociology.该学位提供一门社会政策主专业课和一门社会学课程。
stimulate  vt. 刺激；鼓舞，激励America's priority is rightly to stimulate its economy.美国的首要任务自然是刺激经济。...an economy in need of stimulation.…一个需要刺激的经济。Bill was stimulated by the challenge.比尔受到该挑战的激励。It is a complex yet stimulating book.这是一本复杂却能引发兴趣的书。Exercise stimulates the digestive and excretory systems.运动刺激消化和排泄系统。...the stimulating effect of adrenaline.…肾上腺素的刺激作用。
strategy  n. 战略，策略The energy secretary will present the strategy tomorrow afternoon.能源部长将于明天下午提出该策略。I've just been explaining the basic principles of strategy to my generals.我刚才一直在向我的将军们解释战略的基本原则。
sufficient  adj. 足够的；充分的One yard of fabric is sufficient to cover the exterior of an 18-in.-diameter hatbox.一码的布料足够罩住18英寸直径帽盒的外部。Lighting levels should be sufficient for photography without flash.照明程度对无闪光灯摄影应该足够了。She recovered sufficiently to accompany Chou on his tour of Africa in 1964.她康复到足以在周的1964年非洲之旅中伴随他。
suspicious  adj. 可疑的；怀疑的；多疑的He was rightly suspicious of meeting me until I reassured him I was not writing about him.他对于见我充满疑虑，直到我向他再次保证我不是在写有关他的东西。"What is it you want me to do?" Adams asked suspiciously.“你要我去干的是什么？”亚当斯怀疑地问道。Two officers on patrol became suspicious of two men in a car.两位巡警对一辆小汽车内的两名男子起了疑心。He reported that two suspicious-looking characters had approached Callendar.他报告说两名看似可疑的人曾靠近过卡兰德。They'll question them as to whether anyone was seen acting suspiciously in the area over the last few days.他们将询问这些人过去几天是否在该地区发现行迹可疑的人。
sustain  vt. 维持；支撑，承担；忍受；供养；证实He has sustained his fierce social conscience from young adulthood through old age.他从青年时代到晚年一直保持着强烈的社会良知。Recovery can't be sustained unless more jobs are created.除非有更多的工作机会被创造出来，否则复苏无法保持下去。Every aircraft in there has sustained some damage.那里的每架飞机都遭到了一些损坏。The cash dividends they get from the cash crop would sustain them during the lean season.他们从经济作物中得到的那些现金红利能支撑他们度过歉收季节。
switch  vt. 转换；用鞭子等抽打Leona put some detergent into the dishwasher, shut the door, and pressed the switch.利昂娜在洗碗机里放了些清洁剂，关上门，然后按下开关。Estonia is switching to a market economy.爱沙尼亚正在向市场经济转变。The law would encourage companies to switch from coal to cleaner fuels.法律会鼓励各公司从用煤转向使用更清洁的燃料。The spokesman implicitly condemned the United States policy switch.这位发言人含蓄地谴责了美国政策上的转变。Within a few years the whole country will switch over to digital television.几年内全国将会换上数字电视。My mother's interest had switched to my health.我母亲的兴趣已转移到我的健康上来了。In half an hour, they'd switched the tags on every cable.半个小时内，他们换了每根电缆的标签。
temporary  adj. 暂时的，临时的His job here is only temporary.他在这儿的工作只是暂时的。Most adolescent problems are temporary.多数青春期的问题都是暂时的。The peace agreement has at least temporarily halted the civil war.该和平协议至少已暂时中止了内战。
transfer  n. 转让；转移；传递；过户Transfer the meat to a platter and leave in a warm place.把肉转到一个大浅盘中，然后搁在一个温暖的地方。Arrange for the transfer of medical records to your new doctor.安排把医疗记录转给你的新医生。The decision to transfer the investigation from the police to the district attorney's office is a mutual one.将调查从警方移交到区律师办公室的决定是共同做出的。...the transfer of power from the old to the new regimes.…从旧政权到新政权的权力移交。I was transferred to the book department.我被调到了图书部。I suspect that she is going to be transferred to Fort Meyer.我怀疑她将被调到迈耶堡。They will be offered transfers to other locations.他们将得到去其他地方的调动令。Such information is easily transferred onto microfilm.这样的信息很容易被转录到微缩胶片上。It can be connected to a PC for the transfer of information.它可以连接到个人电脑上进行信息转录。
trial  n. 试验；审讯；努力；磨炼New evidence showed the police lied at the trial.新的证据表明警方在审判时撒了谎。I have the right to a trial with a jury of my peers.我有权要求由和我一样的平民组成的陪审团参加审判。They have been treated with this drug in clinical trials.他们在临床试验中一直接受这种药物的治疗。I took the car out for a trial on the roads.我把车开出去在公路上试了一下。...the trials of adolescence.…青春期的磨难。the idea has been trialled in several schoolsMany drugs were found by trial and error.许多药物都是经过反复试验后才被发现的。He is currently on trial for drunk driving.他目前因酒后驾车而受审。The president will be drawn into a damaging battle in which his credentials will be on trial.总统将被拖入一场破坏性的斗争，他正陷入信任危机。He was found to be mentally unfit to stand trial.发现他精神状况不适合接受审判。
tumble  vi. 摔倒；倒塌；滚动；打滚；仓惶地行动A small boy tumbled off the porch.一个小男孩从门廊上摔了下去。He injured his ribs in a tumble from his horse.他从马上摔下来伤了肋骨。Profit after taxes tumbled by half to $15.8 million.税后利润猛降了一半，跌到了1580万美元。Share prices continued to tumble today on the Tokyo stock market.东京股市今天的股票价格继续暴跌。Oil prices took a tumble yesterday.石油价格昨天一阵暴跌。Waterfalls crash and tumble over rocks.瀑布在岩石上撞击翻滚。
undergo  vt. 经历，经受；忍受New recruits have been undergoing training in recent weeks.新兵们最近几周一直在接受训练。
upset  vt. 使心烦；颠覆；扰乱After she died I felt very, very upset.她死后，我感觉非常非常难过。Marta looked upset.玛尔塔看起来很沮丧。...stress and other emotional upsets.…压力和其他情感上的烦恼。The whole incident had upset me and my fiancée terribly.整个事件已使我和我的未婚妻非常烦恼。She warned me not to say anything to upset him.她警告我不要说任何让他心烦的话。Childhood illness can be upsetting for children and parents alike.童年的疾病能使孩子和父母同样苦恼。These latest comments could upset the peace negotiations which are due to begin next week.这些最新的评论可能搅乱定于下周开始的和平谈判。Markets are very sensitive to any upsets in the Japanese economic machine.市场对日本经济机器里的任何混乱都是非常敏感的。Don't upset the piles of sheets under the box.别碰乱了盒子下面的那几摞纸。Paul was unwell last night with a stomach upset.保罗昨晚胃不舒服。Larry has an upset stomach.拉里胃不舒服。
volunteer  n. 志愿者；志愿兵She now helps in a local school as a volunteer three days a week.她现在作为一名志愿者每周3天在当地一所学校帮忙。Right. What I want now is two volunteers to come down to the front.对了。我现在需要的就是两个自告奋勇者到前面来。Aunt Mary volunteered to clean up the kitchen.玛丽姨妈主动要求打扫厨房。He volunteered for the army in 1939.他在1939年自愿参军。The room was quiet; no one volunteered any further information.房间里很安静；没有人主动提供更多的信息。"They were both great supporters of Franco," Ryle volunteered.“他们俩都是佛朗哥的坚定支持者，”赖尔主动说道。They fought as volunteers with the Afghan guerrillas.他们作为志愿兵与阿富汗游击队一起战斗。
yield  vt. 屈服；出产，产生；放弃Carmen yielded to general pressure and grudgingly took the child to a specialist.卡门屈服于普遍的压力，不得已带孩子去看了位专科大夫。He may yield control.他可能放弃控制权。When entering a trail or starting a descent, yield to other skiers.进入滑道或开始下滑时，给其他滑雪者们让行。...examples of common signs like No Smoking and Yield.…像“禁止吸烟”和“让行”这样的常见标志例子。He reached the massive door of the barn and pushed. It yielded.他够着了畜棚厚重的大门推了推。门开了。Last year 400,000 acres of land yielded a crop worth $1.75 billion.去年40万英亩的土地出产了价值17.5亿美元的粮食。...improving the yield of the crop.…增加农作物的产量。It yielded a profit of at least $36 million.它带来了至少三千六百万美元的利润。...a yield of 4%.…4%的收益。The high yields available on the dividend shares made them attractive to private investors.股息股能获得的高收益使它们对私人投资者们很有吸引力。This research has been in progress since 1961 and has yielded a great number of positive results.这项研究自1961年以来一直在开展，已经取得了大量的积极成果。
absorb  vt. 吸收；吸引；承受；理解；使…全神贯注Plants absorb carbon dioxide from the air and moisture from the soil.植物从空气中吸收二氧化碳，从泥土中吸收水分。A household radiator absorbs energy in the form of electric current and releases it in the form of heat.家用暖气以电流的形式吸收能量，然后以热量的形式将其释放出去。City schools were absorbed into the countywide school district.市立学校被并入了郡学区。...footwear which does not absorb the impact of the foot striking the ground.…不能缓冲脚踏在地面上所产生的冲击力的鞋子。The banks would be forced to absorb large losses.这些银行将被迫承担那些巨大的损失。It absorbed vast amounts of capital that could have been used for investment.它消耗掉了原本可以用作投资的大量资本。Too often he only absorbs half the information in the manual.通常，他对手册里的信息只是一知半解。...a second career which absorbed her more completely than her acting ever had.…一个比其演艺事业更让她全身心投入的第二职业。
absurd  adj. 荒谬的；可笑的That's absurd.那是荒谬的。It's absurd to suggest that they knew what was going on but did nothing.暗示说他们知道怎么回事但却袖手旁观是荒谬的。Connie had a sharp eye for the absurd.康妮对荒谬之事有敏锐的眼光。Prices were still absurdly low, in his opinion.在他看来，价格依然低得荒谬。
accomplish  vt. 完成；实现；达到If we'd all work together, I think we could accomplish our goal.如果我们齐心协力，我想我们能实现我们的目标。
accumulate  vi. 累积；积聚Lead can accumulate in the body until toxic levels are reached.铅可以在体内积聚直至到达有毒的程度。
achieve  vt. 取得；获得；实现；成功There are many who will work hard to achieve these goals.有很多人会努力工作来实现这些目标。
acquaintance  n. 熟人；相识；了解；知道He exchanged a few words with the proprietor, an old acquaintance of his.他跟一位业主，他的一位老相识交谈了几句。...a writer who becomes involved in a real murder mystery through his acquaintance with a police officer.…一位通过他同一名警官的结识而卷入一起真正的谋杀谜案的作家。I first made his acquaintance in the early 1960s.我在20世纪60年代初第一次认识了他。
addict  n. 有瘾的人；入迷的人He's only 24 years old and a drug addict.他只有24岁，可已经是一个瘾君子。She is a TV addict and watches as much as she can.她是一个电视迷，看尽可能多的电视。
adequate  adj. 充足的；适当的；胜任的One in four people worldwide are without adequate homes.世界上1/4的人没有足够的住房。She is prepared to offer me an amount adequate to purchase another house.她准备好了给我一笔足以购买另一所房子的钱。Many students are not adequately prepared for higher education.很多学生没有为高等教育做足准备。
adolescent  adj. 青春期的；未成熟的It is important that an adolescent boy should have an adult in whom he can confide.一个青春期男孩应该有一个他能倾吐心声的成年人，这是很重要的。Young adolescents are happiest with small groups of close friends.年轻的青春期少年们和一小圈亲近的朋友在一起时最高兴。
adverse  adj. 不利的；相反的；敌对的（名词adverseness，副词adversely）The police said Mr. Hadfield's decision would have no adverse effect on the progress of the investigation.警方说哈德菲尔德先生的决定对于调查进展不会有任何不利的影响。Price changes must not adversely affect the living standards of the people.价格变化一定不能负面地影响人们的生活水平。
alert  vt. 警告；使警觉，使意识到We all have to stay alert.我们都必须保持警觉。The drug improved mental alertness.这种药物提高了大脑的灵敏度。The bank is alert to the danger.该银行对这种危险有警觉。There has been criticism of how his administration handled last week's terrorism alert.对他的政府对待上周恐怖主义戒备状态的方式有批评之辞。He wanted to alert people to the activities of the group.他想警告人们注意这个组织的行动。They want to be on the alert for similar buying opportunities.他们要准备应对类似的购买机会。
amplify  vt. 放大，扩大；增强；详述This landscape seemed to trap and amplify sounds.这种地形好像能聚拢和扩大声音。The music was amplified with microphones.那音乐被麦克风扩大了。...a voice that needed no amplification.…一个不需要扩音的嗓门。The mist had been replaced by a kind of haze that seemed to amplify the heat.这薄雾已经被一种热汽代替了，这似乎加重了炎热的程度。
analogy  n. 类比；类推；类似The analogy between music and fragrance has stuck.音乐与香味的类比已经深入人心了。
appease  vt. 使平息；使满足；使和缓；对…让步Gandhi was accused by some of trying to appease both factions of the electorate.甘地被一些人指责试图对两派选民都加以姑息。
array  n. 数组，阵列；排列，列阵；大批，一系列；衣服As the deadline approached she experienced a bewildering array of emotions.随着最后期限的临近，她心绪变得纷繁复杂起来。We visited the local markets and saw wonderful arrays of fruit and vegetables.我们参观了当地的市场，看到了漂亮地摆放着的水果蔬菜。
arrogant  adj. 自大的，傲慢的He was so arrogant.他是如此傲慢。That sounds arrogant, doesn't it?那听起来很傲慢，不是吗？At times the arrogance of those in power is quite blatant.有时那些当权者的傲慢很露骨。
articulate  vt. 清晰地发（音）；明确有力地表达；用关节连接；使相互连贯She is an articulate young woman.她是个善表达的年轻女子。The president has been accused of failing to articulate an overall vision in foreign affairs.总统被指责没能清楚地表述对外交事务的总体设想。He articulated each syllable.他清楚地说出了每个音节。
ascertain  vt. 确定；查明；探知Through doing this, the teacher will be able to ascertain the extent to which the child understands what he is reading.通过这样做，老师将能确定这个孩子对他正在读的内容的理解程度。Once they had ascertained that he was not a spy, they agreed to release him.一查明他不是间谍，他们就同意了释放他。
assess  vt. 评定；估价；对…征税The test was to assess aptitude rather than academic achievement.该测试将评估能力而不是学业成绩。It would be a matter of assessing whether she was well enough to travel.这将是个评估她是否身体好到可以旅行的问题。Ask them to send you information on how to assess the value of your belongings.叫他们把如何估算你的财产价值的资料寄给你。
asset  n. 资产；优点；有用的东西；有利条件；财产；有价值的人或物Our creativity in the field of technology is our greatest asset.我们在技术领域的创造力是我们最大的资本。By the end of 1989 the group had assets of $3.5 billion.到1989年底该集团已有35亿美元的资产。
assumption  n. 假定；设想；担任；采取You would be making an assumption that's not based on any fact that you could report.你会做出不以你能报道的任何事实为依据的一种假设。
authority  n. 权威；权力；当局This provided a pretext for the authorities to cancel the elections.这给当局提供了一个取消选举的借口。...the Philadelphia Parking Authority.…费城停车管理局。He's universally recognized as an authority on Russian affairs.他被公认为是俄罗斯事务的权威。A family member in a family business has a position of authority and power.家庭成员在家族企业中都有职有权。He had no natural authority and no capacity for imposing his will on others.他天生没有威信，也没有将其意志强加于他人的能力。The prison governor has refused to let him go, saying he must first be given authority from his own superiors.监狱长已拒绝释放他，说他必须首先得到上级的许可。
baffle  vt. 使…困惑；使…受挫折；用挡板控制An apple tree producing square fruit is baffling experts.一棵结方形果实的苹果树正令专家们感到困惑。I was constantly ill, with a baffling array of symptoms.我不断地生病，还伴有一大堆莫名其妙的症状。
barren  adj. 贫瘠的；不生育的；无益的；沉闷无趣的；空洞的...the Tibetan landscape of high barren mountains.…西藏荒芜的高山景观。He wants to use the water to irrigate barren desert land.他想用该水来灌溉贫瘠的沙漠土地。...an empty exercise barren of utility.…一项毫无效用的无聊训练。The room was austere, nearly barren of furniture or decoration.这个房间很简朴，几乎没有什么家具或装饰。
basement  n. 地下室；地窖They bought an old schoolhouse to live in and built a workshop in the basement.他们买了座旧校舍居住，还在地下室建了个作坊。
behave  vi. 表现；（机器等）运转；举止端正；（事物）起某种作用I couldn't believe these people were behaving in this way.我无法相信这些人竟这样行事。You have to behave.你得守规矩。Under certain conditions, electrons can behave like waves rather than particles.在某些条件下，电子能像波而不是粒子那样运动。
bias  n. 偏见；偏爱；斜纹；乖离率...his desire to avoid the appearance of bias in favour of one candidate or another.…他想避免表现出对这个或那个候选人有偏好。We mustn't allow it to bias our teaching.我们不允许它使我们的教学产生偏见。
boast  vt. 夸口说，自吹自擂说；以有…而自豪Witnesses said Furci boasted that he took part in killing them.证人们说富尔西曾吹嘘说他参与了杀人。Carol boasted about her costume.卡罗尔吹嘘着她的戏装。It is the charity's proud boast that it has never yet turned anyone away.该慈善机构自吹自擂，声称从来没有拒绝过任何人。The houses will boast the latest energy-saving technology.这些房屋将采用最新节能技术。
breakdown  n. 故障；崩溃；分解；分类；衰弱；跺脚曳步舞...the breakdown of talks between the U.S. and E.U. officials.…美国与欧盟官员会谈的失败。...the irretrievable breakdown of a marriage.…无法挽回的一场婚姻的破裂。My personal life was terrible. My mother had died, and a couple of years later I had a breakdown.我的个人生活糟透了。母亲去世了,几年后我精神崩溃了。Her old car was unreliable, so the trip was plagued by breakdowns.她的旧车性能不可靠,所以旅途被故障所困扰。The organizers were given a breakdown of the costs.组织者们被给了一份花销细目。
burst  vi. 爆发，突发；爆炸The driver lost control when a tire burst.一只轮胎爆裂时司机失去了控制。It is not a good idea to burst a blister.把水疱弄破不是个好主意。A dam burst and flooded their villages.一个大坝决堤，淹没了他们的村子。Monsoons caused the river to burst its banks.雨季使这条河决堤。The door burst open and an angry young nurse appeared.门突然开了，一个生气的年轻护士出现了。Gunmen burst into his home and opened fire.持枪歹徒闯入他家，开了枪。He burst onto the fashion scene in the early 1980s.20世纪80年代初他突然在时尚界活跃起来。...a burst of machine-gun fire.…一阵机枪射击。
chase  vt. 追逐；追捕；试图赢得；雕镂She chased the thief for 100 yards.她追了小偷100码远。He was reluctant to give up the chase.他不愿意放弃追逐。In some areas, 14 people are chasing every job.在某些地区，14个人角逐每一个岗位。There are too many schools chasing after too few students.有太多的学校争抢太少的学生。They took an invincible lead in the chase for the championship.他们在冠军角逐中遥遥领先。Women also have another reason for not chasing men too hard, of course.当然，妇女还有另一个不紧追男人的理由。The chase is always much more exciting than the conquest anyway.无论如何，追求总比征服更令人兴奋。Many farmers will then chase you off their land quite aggressively.到那时，许多农民便会毫不留情地将你逐出他们的土地。In the '70s he had been chased out of his job.在70年代他被迫离开了他的职位。They chased down the stairs into the narrow, dirty street.他们冲下楼梯，跑到狭窄肮脏的街道上。Hi everyone, we all know why we are here today, so let's cut to the chase.大家好，我们都知道今天为何来此，让我们切入主题吧。
chill  n. 寒冷；寒意；寒心Chill the fruit salad until serving time.上菜前把水果色拉冷却。These doughs can be rolled out while you wait for the pastry to chill.当你等待油酥面团冷却时，可以擀平这些生面团。The marble floor was beginning to chill me.大理石的地板开始让我感到很冷。Wade placed his chilled hands on the radiator and warmed them.韦德把他冰冷的双手放到散热器上取暖。The violence used against the students sent a chill through Indonesia.对学生使用暴力使得整个印度尼西亚不寒而栗。He caught a chill while performing at a rain-soaked open-air venue.他在一个被雨浸湿的露天场地表演时着了风寒。...chill winds, rain and choppy seas.…寒冷的风、雨以及波浪起伏的大海。September is here, bringing with it a chill in the mornings.9月到了，带来了清晨的寒意。
chip  vt. 削，凿；削成碎片...an electronic card containing a chip.…一张带有芯片的电子卡。It contains real chocolate chips.它里面含有纯正的巧克力颗粒。The cup had a small chip.这个杯子有个小缺口。He put the pile of chips in the centre of the table and drew a card.他把那堆筹码放在桌子中间，然后抽了一张牌。The blow chipped the woman's tooth.这一击把那个女人的牙齿打掉了一小块。The wagon's paint was badly chipped on the outside.这辆四轮马车外壳的油漆严重地剥落。
circulation  n. 流通，传播；循环；发行量The Daily News once had the highest circulation of any daily in the country.《每日新闻报》一度在该国所有日报中拥有最高发行量。Anyone with heart, lung, or circulation problems should seek medical advice before flying.任何有心、肺或血液循环问题的人都应该在飞行前寻求医生建议。The supply of money in circulation was drastically reduced overnight.一夜之间流通货币的供应就急剧减少了。...a society like America, with perhaps 180 million guns in circulation.…像美国这样的社会里，可能有1.8亿支枪在流通之中。
competent  adj. 胜任的；有能力的；能干的；足够的He was a loyal, distinguished and very competent civil servant.他是一个忠诚、出色、很有能力的公务员。The government performed competently in the face of multiple challenges.政府在面临多重挑战时表现得很出色。Most adults do not feel competent to deal with a medical emergency involving a child.多数成年人感到难以应付小孩医疗突发事件。
complaint  n. 抱怨；诉苦；疾病；委屈There's been a record number of complaints about the standard of service.已有对服务水准的创纪录数量的投诉。People have been reluctant to make formal complaints to the police.人们一直不愿正式向警方投诉。My main complaint is that we can't go out on the racecourse anymore.我抱怨的主要缘由是我们无法再去外面的赛道了。Eczema is a common skin complaint which often runs in families.湿疹是一种常见的皮肤病，常会遗传。
compose  vt. 构成；写作；使平静；排…的版The force would be composed of troops from NATO countries.该部队将由北约各国的军队组成。Protein molecules compose all the complex working parts of living cells.蛋白质分子构成了活细胞所有复杂的工作部件。Vivaldi composed a large number of very fine concertos.维瓦尔蒂创作了大量非常优美的协奏曲。He started at once to compose a reply to Anna.他立刻开始给安娜写回信。
compulsory  adj. 义务的；必修的；被强制的He believes that the study of history should be compulsory in school.他认为在学校里学习历史应该是强制性的。
concrete  adj. 混凝土的；实在的，具体的；有形的The posts have to be set in concrete.这些柱子必须固定在混凝土中。We sat on the concrete floor.我们坐在混凝土地板上。He merely cleared and concreted the floors.他只是清理了地板并浇上了混凝土。I had no concrete evidence.我当时没有明确而具体的证据。There were no concrete proposals on the table.没有提交讨论的具体提议。...using concrete objects to teach addition and subtraction.…用实物教加减运算。
confident  adj. 自信的；确信的I am confident that everything will come out right in time.我相信最终一切都会好起来的。Mr. Ryan is confident of success.瑞安先生对成功有信心。I can confidently promise that this year is going to be very different.我可以有信心地保证今年将大不一样。In time he became more confident and relaxed.最终他变得更加自信而从容了。She walked confidently across the hall.她自信地走过大厅。She is confident that everybody is on her side.她确信每个人都在她那一边。I can confidently say that none of them were or are racist.我可以确信地说他们当中没有人过去或现在是种族主义者。
conform  vi. 符合；遵照；适应环境The lamp has been designed to conform to new safety standards.该灯设计得符合新的安全标准。Many children who can't or don't conform are bullied.许多不守规矩的孩子受欺负。
confront  vt. 面对；遭遇；比较She was confronted with severe money problems.她面临严重的资金问题。We are learning how to confront death.我们在学习如何正视死亡。I was confronted with an array of knobs, levers, and switches.我面对着一排旋钮、控制杆和开关。She pushed her way through the mob and confronted him face to face.她从那群暴民中挤出来，与他当面对峙。They don't hesitate to open fire when confronted by police.他们一旦遭遇警察就毫不犹豫地开火。She had decided to confront Kathryn with the truth.她已决定用事实与凯瑟琳对质。I could not bring myself to confront him about it.我不能就此事让自己与他对质。
conscious  adj. 意识到的；故意的；神志清醒的He was conscious of the faint, musky aroma of aftershave.他留意到须后水那淡淡的、似麝香的芳香。She was very conscious of Max studying her.她十分清楚马克斯在仔细端详着她。I'm very conscious of my weight.我很在意自己的体重。I don't think we ever made a conscious decision to have a big family.我不认为我们曾刻意下决定要成为一大家子。Sophie was not consciously seeking a replacement after her father died.索菲在父亲去世后没有刻意地找一个代替的人。She was fully conscious throughout the surgery and knew what was going on.她在整个手术过程中神志完全清醒，知道发生了什么。He had no conscious memory of his four-week stay in the hospital.他对自己住院的4个星期记不大清了。Most people cannot consciously remember much before the ages of 3 to 5 years.多数人不能清楚地记得3到5岁之前的多少事情。
consecutive  adj. 连贯的；连续不断的The Cup was won for the third consecutive year by the Toronto Maple Leafs.这个奖杯连续第三年由多伦多枫叶队赢去了。
consistent  adj. 始终如一的，一致的；坚持的Becker was never the most consistent of players anyway.贝克尔不管怎么说从来就不是一个很稳定的球员。It's something I have consistently denied.这是我始终否认的事。This result is consistent with the findings of Garnett & Tobin.该结果与加尼特和托宾的发现相符合。A theory should be internally consistent.一套理论应当内在一致。
console  n. [计] 控制台；[电] 操纵台；支撑架"Never mind, Ned," he consoled me.“不要紧，内德”，他安慰我说。I can console myself with the fact that I'm not alone.我可以用不只我一个人的这种事实来安慰自己。The only consolation for the baseball team is that they look likely to get another chance.对这支棒球队的惟一安慰是他们看来可能会得到另一次机会。Several nurses sat before a console of flickering lights and bleeping monitors.几名护士坐在灯光闪烁、监听器嘟嘟作响的控制台前。
construct  vt. 建造，构造；创立His company recently constructed an office building in downtown Denver.他的公司最近在丹佛市中心建造了一座办公楼。The boxes should be constructed from rough-sawn timber.这些箱子应该用粗锯木材来做。He eventually constructed a huge business empire.他最终构建了一个庞大的商业王国。The novel is constructed from a series of on-the-spot reports.这部小说是由一系列现场报道构思而成的。
contention  n. 争论，争辩；争夺；论点It is my contention that death and murder always lurk as potentials in violent relationships.我的观点是，在暴力关系中总是潜伏着死亡和谋杀的可能。His case has become a source of contention between civil liberties activists and the government.他的案子已变成了公民自由活动家们和政府之间的争论缘由。
contradict  vt. 反驳；否定；与…矛盾；与…抵触She dared not contradict him.她不敢反驳他。His comments appeared to contradict remarks made earlier in the day by the chairman.他的评论好像在反驳主席当天早些时候的言论。Her version contradicted her daughter's.她的说法与她女儿的说法相矛盾。
contrary  adj. 相反的；对立的This view is contrary to the aims of critical social research for a number of reasons.许多原因证明这种观点与批判性社会研究的目的截然相反。Contrary to popular belief, moderate exercise actually decreases your appetite.与大部分人的想法相反，适度的运动实际上会降低食欲。It is not an idea around which the community can unite. On the contrary, I see it as one that will divide us.这不是一个可以让我们的组织团结起来的主意。恰恰相反，我看它会分裂我们。"People just don't do things like that."—"On the contrary, they do them all the time."“人们根本就不像那样做事。” —“然而，他们却一直在那么做。”He continued to maintain that he did nothing wrong, despite clear evidence to the contrary.他仍坚持认为自己没有做错，尽管有确凿的证据证明他做错了。
controversy  n. 争论；论战；辩论The proposed cuts have caused considerable controversy.削减的提议引起了巨大的争议。
convince  vt. 说服；使确信，使信服That weekend in Plattsburgh, he convinced her to go ahead and marry Bud.在普拉茨堡的那个周末，他说服了她嫁给巴德。Although I soon convinced him of my innocence, I think he still has serious doubts about my sanity.尽管我很快就使他相信我是清白的，但是他还是非常怀疑我精神是否正常。
coordinate  n. 坐标；同等的人或物Government officials visited the earthquake zone on Thursday morning to coordinate the relief effort.政府官员星期四上午视察了地震灾区以协调救灾工作。Coalition forces were planning a coordinated effort to attack the drug trade.联合部队正在计划共同打击毒品买卖。...a well-coordinated surprise attack.…一次完美配合的突袭。You need to coordinate legs, arms, and breathing for the front crawl.匍匐前进时，你要协调双腿、胳膊和呼吸。She'll show you how to coordinate pattern and colours.她会向你展示如何搭配款式和颜色。Tie it with fabric bows that coordinate with other furnishings.扎上和其他的饰品相配的布制蝴蝶结。Can you give me your coordinates?能给我你的坐标吗？
counterpart  n. 副本；配对物；极相似的人或物As soon as he heard what was afoot, he telephoned his German and Italian counterparts to protest.他一听到在进行中的事，马上就给德国和意大利相应人员打电话抗议。
county  n. 郡，县He arrived at the Palm Beach County courthouse with his mother.他和母亲来到了棕榈滩县法院大楼。
crash  n. 撞碎；坠毁；破产；轰隆声；睡觉His elder son was killed in a car crash a few years ago.他大儿子几年前死于一次车祸。Two people recalled hearing a loud crash about 1:30 a.m.两人回忆说大约凌晨1：30时听到一声巨响。The plane crashed mysteriously near the island of Ustica.飞机在乌斯蒂卡岛附近神秘地坠毁了。Her car crashed into the rear of a van.她的汽车撞毁了一辆面包车的尾部。The door swung inwards to crash against a chest of drawers behind it.门摆向里面，砰的一声猛力撞上了门后的五斗橱。My words were lost as the walls above us crashed down, filling the cellar with brick dust.随着上面的墙体轰隆一声倒塌下来，地窖里充满砖灰，我吓得说不出话来。When the market crashed, they assumed the deal would be cancelled.市场崩盘时，他们以为那笔交易会取消。He predicted correctly that there was going to be a stock market crash.他正确地预测到将出现股市崩溃。The computer crashed for the second time in 10 days.计算机10天内第2次死机了。
critical  adj. 鉴定的；[核] 临界的；批评的，爱挑剔的；危险的；决定性的；评论的The incident happened at a critical point in the campaign.该事件发生在运动的关键时刻。He says setting priorities is of critical importance.他说确定轻重缓急至关重要。Economic prosperity depends critically on an open world trading system.经济繁荣关键取决于一个开放的世界贸易体系。The German authorities are considering an airlift if the situation becomes critical.德国当局正在考虑如果形势危急时进行空运。Moscow is running critically low on food supplies.莫斯科的食品供应正严重匮乏。Ten of the injured are said to be in critical condition.据说伤者中有十人情况危急。She was critically ill.她病情危急。His report is highly critical of the trial judge.他的报道对承审法官是高度批判的。She spoke critically of Lara.她以批评的口吻谈到拉腊。We need to become critical text-readers.我们需要成为批判性的文本阅读者。Wyman watched them critically.怀曼批判地注视着他们。The film met with considerable critical and public acclaim.这部电影深得评论和公众的赞扬。
crude  adj. 粗糙的；天然的，未加工的；粗鲁的Standard measurements of blood pressure are an important but crude way of assessing the risk of heart disease or strokes.标准的血压测量是评估心脏病或中风风险的一种重要却粗略的方法。The donors can be split – a little crudely – into two groups.捐献者们可以分成–大致地–两个组。...crude wooden boxes.…粗制的木盒子。...a crudely carved wooden form.…一件粗糙的木头雕刻。Must you be quite so crude?你一定要这样粗鲁吗？He hated it when she spoke so crudely.他讨厌她说话那么粗鲁。
deceive  v. 欺骗；行骗He has deceived and disillusioned us all.他欺骗了我们所有人, 令我们所有人失望至极。Do not be deceived by claims on food labels like "light" or "low fat."不要被食品标签上像“少脂”或“低脂”的字样误导。
decisive  adj. 决定性的；果断的，坚定的...his decisive victory in the presidential elections.…他在这次总统选举中的决定性胜利。The plan was decisively rejected by Congress three weeks ago.这个计划三周前被国会关键性地否决了。He should give way to a younger, more decisive leader.他应该让位给一位更年轻、更果断的领导者。"I'll call for you at ten," she said decisively.“我10点来接你，”她果断地说。
deduce  vt. 推论，推断；演绎出Alison cleverly deduced that I was the author of the letter.艾莉森聪明地推断出我是这封信的作者。The date of the document can be deduced from references to the Civil War.该文件的日期可以从其对内战的提及处推算出来。
deem  vt. 认为，视作；相信French and German were deemed essential.法语和德语被认为是必需的。He says he would support the use of force if the UN deemed it necessary.他说如果联合国认为有必要，他就支持动用武力。
demonstrate  vt. 证明；展示；论证The study also demonstrated a direct link between obesity and mortality.这项研究也证明了肥胖和死亡率之间的直接关系。They are anxious to demonstrate to the voters that they have practical policies.他们急于向选民证明他们有切实可行的政策。Have they, for example, demonstrated a commitment to democracy?例如，他们展现了对民主的奉献吗？Some 30,000 angry farmers arrived in Brussels yesterday to demonstrate against possible cuts in subsidies.昨天大约三万名愤怒的农民到布鲁塞尔游行示威，反对可能的补贴削减。In the cities vast crowds have been demonstrating for change.在各城市，已经有大量的群众举行示威游行要求变革。A selection of cosmetic companies will be there to demonstrate their new products.一些化妆品公司会在那里展示他们的新产品。
depress  vt. 压抑；使沮丧；使萧条I must admit the state of the country depresses me.我必须承认国家的形势令我沮丧。The stronger U.S. dollar depressed sales.更坚挺的美元使销售量下降。
deprive  vt. 使丧失，剥夺They've been deprived of the fuel necessary to heat their homes.他们无法得到住房取暖必需的燃料。
descend  vi. 下降；下去；下来；遗传；屈尊Things are cooler and more damp as we descend to the cellar.我们往地窖中下得越深，里面就越冷、越潮湿。Some 3,000 city officials will descend on Capitol Hill on Tuesday to lobby for more money.大约三千名市政官员将于周二突访美国国会山，为争取更多经费游说。He was ultimately overthrown and the country descended into chaos.他最终被推翻，国家陷入了混乱。We're not going to descend to such methods.我们不会堕落到使用这些方式的份上。
deteriorate  vi. 恶化，变坏There are fears that the situation might deteriorate into full-scale war.人们担心局势会恶化为全面战争。...concern about the rapid deterioration in relations between the two countries.…对两国关系迅速恶化的担忧。
disguise  vt. 掩饰；假装；隐瞒You'll have to travel in disguise.你将不得不乔装出行。She disguised herself as a man so she could fight on the battlefield.她女扮男装以便能上战场打仗。The extremists entered the building disguised as medical workers.极端分子们假扮成医务人员，进入了大楼。He made no attempt to disguise his agitation.他无意掩饰他的不安。The proposal is a thinly disguised effort to revive the price controls of the 1970s.这项提议是恢复20世纪70年代物价控制的一种几乎不加掩饰的努力。
disperse  vt. 分散；使散开；传播The oil appeared to be dispersing.油看上去正在扩散。Police fired shots and used tear gas to disperse the demonstrators.警察开枪并使用了催泪瓦斯来驱散示威人群。
displace  vt. 取代；置换；转移；把…免职；排水These factories have displaced tourism as the country's largest source of foreign exchange.这些工厂已经取代了旅游业而成为该国最大的外汇来源。More than 600,000 people were displaced by the tsunami.超过60万人被海啸搞得背井离乡。
disrupt  vt. 破坏；使瓦解；使分裂；使中断；使陷于混乱Anti-war protesters disrupted the debate.反战示威者们扰乱了辩论。
distribute  vt. 分配；散布；分开；把…分类Students shouted slogans and distributed leaflets.学生们高呼口号，散发传单。We didn't understand how difficult it was to distribute a national paper.我们不明白配销一份全国性的报纸有多么困难。Distribute the topping evenly over the fruit.将浇头均匀地浇在水果上。
divert  vt. 转移；使…欢娱；使…转向We diverted a plane to rescue 100 passengers.我们改变飞机航线以拯救100名乘客。Abington Memorial Hospital has been diverting trauma patients to other hospitals because it does not have enough surgeons.由于缺乏足够的外科医生，阿宾顿纪念医院一直在将外伤病人转到其他医院。A wave of deadly bombings has forced the United States to divert funds from reconstruction to security.一系列致命的炸弹袭击迫使美国将资金从重建转向安全防御。He instructed the switchboard staff to divert all Laura's calls to him.他通知接线员把劳拉打来的所有电话都转给他。They want to divert the attention of the people from the real issues.他们想把人民的注意力从真正的问题上转移开。
divorce  vt. 使离婚，使分离；与…离婚Numerous marriages now end in divorce.现在许多婚姻都以离婚而告终。He and Lillian had got divorced.他和莉莲离婚了。I am absolutely furious that he divorced me to marry her.我实在很生气他和我离婚娶了她。...this divorce of Christian culture from the roots of faith.…基督教文化与信仰根源的分离。Good management in the police cannot be divorced from accountability.警政的良好管理离不开问责制。Democracy cannot be divorced from social and economic progress.民主离不开社会和经济的进步。
drain  vi. 排水；流干Miners built the tunnel to drain water out of the mines.矿工们开掘了隧道以将水排出矿井。Now the focus is on draining the water.现在的焦点是排水。The authorities have mobilized vast numbers of people to drain flooded land and build or repair dikes.当局动员了大批民众为遭受洪灾的地区排涝并修建或修复堤坝。Drain the pasta well, arrange on four plates and pour over the sauce.把意大利面条沥干水，摆放在4个盘子里，倒上调味品。Harry felt the colour drain from his face.亨利感到脸上没有了血色。My emotional turmoil had drained me.困惑焦灼的情绪使我心力交瘁。I began to suffer from headaches, which left me feeling completely drained.我开始感到头痛，它使我感到精疲力竭。The state's finances have been drained by drought and civil disorder.国家财政已经被旱灾和内乱消耗殆尽了。Tony built his own house and laid his own drains.托尼盖了自己的房子,铺设了自己的排水管道。...an ultramodern printing plant, which has been a big drain on resources.…一个消耗大量资源的超级现代化印刷厂。They were aware that their public image was rapidly going down the drain.他们意识到自己的公众形象正被迅速地破坏掉。
drift  n. 漂流，漂移；趋势；漂流物We proceeded to drift on up the river.我们继续在河上漂流着。We need to offer young people drifting into crime an alternative set of values.我们需要给误入犯罪歧途的年轻人提供另一套价值观。You've been drifting from job to job without any real commitment.你频频换工作，全无恒心。As rural factories lay off workers, people drift toward the cities.随着乡镇企业裁员，人们陆续移向城市。Cool summer dance sounds are drifting from the stereo indoors.屋内立体声音响飘出美妙的夏季舞曲。The snow, except where it drifted, was only calf-deep.除了被风吹积起来的地方外，积雪只深及小腿。...the drift toward the cities.…向城市的流动。A nine-year-old boy was trapped in a snow drift.一个9岁的男孩陷在雪堆里了。Grace was beginning to get his drift.格雷斯开始抓住他的主旨了。
dubious  adj. 可疑的；暧昧的；无把握的；半信半疑的This claim seems to us to be rather dubious.这项声明在我们看来相当不可信。Carter was dubiously convicted of shooting three white men in a bar.卡特很有嫌疑地被宣叛在一家酒吧射杀了3名白人。My parents were a bit dubious about it all at first but we soon convinced them.起初我父母亲对此尚心存疑虑，但很快我们便说服了他们。He eyed Coyne dubiously.他怀疑地注视着科因。
economical  adj. 经济的；节约的；合算的...plans to trade in their car for something smaller and more economical.…用他们的车抵价购买更小且更经济型轿车的计划。Services could be operated more efficiently and economically.可以更有效、更经济地提供服务。...ideas for economical housekeeping.…节俭持家的一些想法。His gestures were economical, his words generally mild.他的手势简练，言语通常是温和的。
eject  vt. 喷射；驱逐，逐出Officials used guard dogs to eject the protesters.官员们用护卫犬驱走抗议者。...the ejection and manhandling of hecklers at the meeting.…对会上起哄者的驱逐和推搡。He aimed his rifle, fired a single shot, then ejected the spent cartridge.他用步枪瞄准，开了一枪，接着排出了空弹壳。The pilot ejected from the plane and escaped injury.飞行员从飞机里弹出，没有受伤。
elaborate  adj. 精心制作的；详尽的；煞费苦心的...an elaborate research project.…一项复杂的研究项目。...elaborate efforts at the highest level to conceal the problem.…最高层企图掩饰这个问题的百般努力。It was clearly an elaborately planned operation.这显然是一次经过周密策划的行动。He is known for his elaborate costumes.他以其繁丽的服装著称。His task was to elaborate policies that would make a market economy compatible with a clean environment.他的任务是周密地制定能够让市场经济适合于无污染的环境的政策。...the elaboration of specific policies and mechanisms.…对具体政策和机制的周密制定。A spokesman declined to elaborate on a statement released late yesterday.发言人拒绝对昨天晚些时候发表的一份声明作出更多说明。
elastic  adj. 有弹性的；灵活的；易伸缩的Make a mask with long ears and attach a piece of elastic to go around the back of the head.做一个带长耳朵的面具，安上一条松紧带绕过后脑。Beat it until the dough is slightly elastic.反复捶打，直到面团略有弹性。
elbow  n. 肘部；弯头；扶手He slipped and fell, badly bruising an elbow.他滑倒了，严重挫伤了一只胳膊肘。They also claim that the security team elbowed aside a steward.他们还声称治安队把一名乘务员推到了一边。Non-state firms gradually elbow aside the inefficient state-owned ones.非国有企业逐渐排挤掉了那些低效率的国有企业。
elevate  vt. 提升；举起；振奋情绪等；提升…的职位He was elevated to the post of president.他被提拔到总裁的职位。The elevation of the assistant coach to the head coaching position within only 9 months was a surprise.这位助理教练仅仅在9个月内就被提拔到总教练的位置是件令人惊讶的事。Don't elevate your superiors to superstar status.不要把你的上级抬高到超级明星的地位。Emotional stress can elevate blood pressure.情绪紧张会使血压升高。A few times a day, elevate feet above heart level.一天几次把脚抬到高过心脏的位置。I built a platform to elevate the bed.我搭了一个台子把床抬高了。
elicit  vt. 抽出，引出；引起Mr. Norris said he was hopeful that his request would elicit a positive response.诺里斯先生说他希望他的要求会引起积极的回应。My letters to her have elicited no response.我写给她的信没有得到回应。
eligible  adj. 合格的，合适的；符合条件的；有资格当选的Almost half the population are eligible to vote in today's election.将近一半的居民有资格在今天的选举中投票。The rules covering eligibility for benefits changed in the 1980s.关于社会救济金合格条件的规定在20世纪80年代发生了变化。He's the most eligible bachelor in Japan.他是日本最令人中意的单身汉。
enclose  vt. 围绕；装入；放入封套The rules state that samples must be enclosed in two watertight containers.条例规定样品必须用两个不漏水的容器封装起来。Enclose the flower in a small muslin bag.把这花用一个小棉袋包起来。I have enclosed a cheque for £100.我信里附上了一张$100的支票。
endow  vt. 赋予；捐赠；天生具有You are endowed with wealth, good health and a lively intellect.你天生赋有财富、健康，和敏锐的智力。Herbs have been used for centuries to endow a whole range of foods with subtle flavours.香草几个世纪以来一直被用来赋予各种食品细腻的味道。The ambassador has endowed a $1 million public-service fellowships programme.大使资助了一个100万美元的公共服务奖学金项目。
endure  vt. 忍耐；容忍The company endured heavy financial losses.公司承受了沉重的财务损失。Somehow the language endures and continues to survive.由于某种原因，这种语言持续生存下来了。This chance meeting was the start of an enduring friendship.这次偶然的相遇是一段持久友情的开始。
enforce  vt. 实施，执行；强迫，强制Boulder was one of the first cities in the nation to enforce a ban on smoking.博尔德是该国率先施行禁烟令的城市之一。They struggled to limit the cost by enforcing a low-tech specification.他们通过强制执行一种低技术规范来竭力限制成本。
enormous  adj. 庞大的，巨大的；凶暴的，极恶的The main bedroom is enormous.主卧室大极了。It was an enormous disappointment.这是件令人极为失望的事。This book was enormously influential.这本书影响极大。
ensue  vi. 跟着发生，接着发生；继起If the Europeans did not reduce subsidies, a trade war would ensue.如果欧洲不减少补贴，贸易战将随即爆发。
enterprise  n. 企业；事业；进取心；事业心There are plenty of small industrial enterprises.有很多小型的工业企业。Horse breeding is indeed a risky enterprise.养马的确是一项有风险的事业。He is still involved in voluntary work promoting local enterprise.他仍从事志愿工作推动当地创业。...the spirit of enterprise worthy of a free and industrious people.…与一个自由勤劳的民族相称的开拓精神。
equip  vt. 装备，配备They try to equip their vehicles with gadgets to deal with every possible contingency.他们尽量给他们的车辆配备各种小装置以应付任何可能的突发状况。Owners of restaurants have to equip them to admit disabled people.餐馆老板们必须给餐馆配备接纳残疾人的设施。Relative poverty, however, did not prevent Martin from equipping himself with an excellent education.然而相对的贫穷并没有妨碍马丁接受良好教育。
erase  vt. 抹去；擦除They are desperate to erase the memory of that last defeat.他们急于抹去上次失败的记忆。An intruder broke into the campaign headquarters and managed to erase 17,000 names from computer files.一名入侵者闯入作战指挥部，设法删除了电脑文件中的17000个名字。
exception  n. 例外；异议Few guitarists can sing as well as they can play; Eddie, however, is an exception.很少有吉他手唱歌能唱得跟弹得一样好，而艾迪是个例外。The law makes no exceptions.法律不搞例外。Marketing is applied to everything these days, and books are no exception.现在市场营销用于任何事物，图书也不例外。He also took exception to having been spied on.他也厌恶被暗中监视。Yesterday was a day off for everybody, with the exception of Lorenzo.昨天每个人休一天假，洛伦佐除外。The vehicles are without exception old, rusty and dented.这些车辆无一例外地破旧、锈迹斑斑且有撞痕。
exert  vt. 运用，发挥；施以影响He exerted considerable influence on the thinking of the scientific community on these issues.他对科学界在这些问题上的思考施加了相当大的影响。Do not exert yourself unnecessarily.不要无谓地耗费自己的精力。He clearly found the physical exertion exhilarating.他明显发现体力消耗令人愉悦。
exquisite  adj. 精致的；细腻的；优美的，高雅的；异常的；剧烈的The Indians brought in exquisite beadwork to sell.印地安人带了精美的珠饰来销售。...exquisitely crafted dollshouses.…制作精美的玩具小屋。
extract  vt. 提取；取出；摘录；榨取...the traditional method of pick and shovel to extract coal.…用锄和铲采煤的传统方法。Citric acid can be extracted from the juice of oranges, lemons, limes or grapefruit.柠檬酸可以从橙汁、柠檬汁、酸橙汁或柚子汁中提取。Petroleum engineers plan and manage the extraction of oil.石油工程师们规划并管理石油的提炼。He extracted a small notebook from his hip pocket.他从臀后口袋拿出了一本小笔记簿。A dentist may decide to extract the tooth to prevent recurrent trouble.牙医可能会决定拔掉这颗牙，以防复发。In those days, dentistry was basic. Extractions were carried out without anaesthetic.那时牙科学刚起步，拔牙是在没有麻药的情况下进行的。He sought to extract the maximum political advantage from the cut in interest rates.他力图从利息削减中谋取最大的政治利益。He made the mistake of trying to extract further information from our director.他犯了想从我们主任那里探取进一步信息的错误。I've simply extracted a few figures.我只是摘取了一些数据。Britain's trade figures can no longer be extracted from export-and-import documentation at ports.英国的贸易数字再也不能从各港口的进出口文件中摘取了。This material has been extracted from "Collins Good Wood Handbook."该资料摘自《柯林斯良木手册》。Read this extract from an information booklet about the work of an airline cabin crew.阅读这个航空公司机务员工作信息手册的选段。Blend in the vanilla extract, lemon peel, and walnuts.调和香草精、柠檬皮和核桃。
faculty  n. 科，系；能力；全体教员He was drunk and not in control of his faculties.他喝醉了，控制不了他的各项机能。The faculty agreed on a change in the requirements.全体教员同意改变要求。How can faculty improve their teaching so as to encourage creativity?全体教员怎样才能改进教学以便激发创造力？
faithful  adj. 忠实的，忠诚的；如实的；准确可靠的She had been faithful to her promise to guard this secret.她一直信守诺言保守着这个秘密。He spends his time making speeches at factories or gatherings of the Party faithful.他花时间在工厂或者在该党忠实拥护者的集会上发表演讲。He has since 1965 faithfully followed and supported every twist and turn of government policy.他从1965年起忠实地追随并支持政府政策的每一次重大转变。I'm very faithful when I love someone.当我爱一个人时我是非常忠贞的。Colin Welland's screenplay is faithful to the novel.科林·韦兰的电影剧本是忠实于小说原文的。When I adapt something I translate from one meaning to another as faithfully as I can.我在改编的时候，我用尽量忠实于原文的方式把一种含义翻译为另一种。
fatal  adj. 致命的；重大的；毁灭性的；命中注定的It would be fatal for the nation to overlook the urgency of the situation.国家若忽视这一局势的紧迫性，后果将会非常严重。He made the fatal mistake of compromising early.他犯了妥协早了的致命错误。Failure now could fatally damage his chances in the future.现在的失败能严重地毁掉他将来的机会。...the fatal stabbing of a police sergeant.…对一名警官的致命一刺。The dead soldier is reported to have been fatally wounded in the chest.报道说死去的那名士兵胸部受到了致命伤。
favo  None
format  n. 格式；版式；开本I had met with him to explain the format of the programme and what we had in mind.我已经同他见过面，解释了这个节目的程式和我们的想法。His latest album is available on all formats.他的最新专辑有各种格式可以买到。...a menu that includes the choice to format a disk.…一个包括格式化磁盘选项的菜单。When text is saved from a Web page, it is often very badly formatted with many short lines.文本从网页上另存时版式通常会变乱，出现很多短行。
foundation  n. 基础；地基；基金会；根据；创立Best friends are the foundation of my life.良友们是我生活的基础。The issue strikes at the very foundation of our community.这个问题严重影响到我们社会的基础。...the National Foundation for Educational Research.…全国教育研究基金会。The allegations were without foundation.这些指控没有根据。Use foundation and/or face powder afterwards for an even skin tone.随后使用粉底霜和（或）粉饼以使皮肤色调均匀。
generate  vt. 使形成；发生；生殖；产生物理反应The labour secretary said the reforms would generate new jobs.劳动部长说这些改革将带来新的工作。The company, New England Electric, burns coal to generate power.新英格兰电力公司燃烧煤来发电。
grip  n. 紧握；柄；支配；握拍方式；拍柄绷带She gripped the rope.她紧紧抓住绳子。His strong hand eased the bag from her grip.他强有力的手使她把紧握的包松开。The president maintains an iron grip on his country.总统保持着对国家的铁腕统治。The entire community has been gripped by fear.整个社区已被恐惧笼罩着。The nation is gripped by the dramatic story.整个国家都被这个戏剧性的故事所吸引。The film turned out to be a gripping thriller.这部电影原来是一部扣人心弦的惊险片。...a new way of reinforcing rubber which gives car tyres a better grip.…一种增强橡胶使汽车轮胎抓力加强的新方法。The administration's first task is to come to grips with the economy.该政府首要的任务是认真着手处理经济问题。Part of me was very frightened and I consciously had to get a grip on myself.我其实非常害怕，但又不得不有意识地控制住自己。He wondered if perhaps he was getting old and losing his grip.他怀疑自己或许在变老，对事情感到力不从心。Shakur loses his fragile grip on reality and starts blasting away at friends and foes alike.沙库尔丧失了对现实脆弱的控制力，无论对朋友还是敌人都开始猛烈抨击起来。
guarantee  n. 保证；担保；保证人；保证书；抵押品Surplus resources alone do not guarantee growth.仅有富足的资源并不能确保发展。A famous old name on a firm is not necessarily a guarantee of quality.公司的老字号并不一定能保证质量。Most states guarantee the right to free and adequate education.大多数州都保证免费和适当教育的权利。We guarantee that you will find a community with which to socialize.我们保证你将找到一个可以社交的团体。The editors can give no guarantee that they will fulfil their obligations.这些编辑不能保证他们将履行职责。Whatever a guarantee says, when something goes wrong, you can still claim your rights from the shop.不管保修单上怎么说，当产品出现故障时，你仍然可以去商店维护自身的权益。Some builders guarantee their work.一些建筑商为他们的工作担保。All Dreamland's electric blankets are guaranteed for three years.所有“梦乡”牌的电热毯都保质3年。Males between 18 and 20 had to leave a deposit as a guarantee of returning to do their military service.18岁至20岁的男性必须留下押金作为回来服兵役的担保。
guard  n. 守卫；警戒；护卫队；防护装置Gunmen guarded homes near the cemetery with shotguns.枪手携带猎枪守卫着公墓附近的住宅。Marines with rifles guarded them.持步枪的海军陆战队士兵看守他们。The prisoners overpowered their guards and locked them in a cell.囚犯们制服了卫兵，并把他们锁在一个牢房里。We have a security guard around the whole area.我们在整个地区周围配有保安人员。He closely guarded her identity.他严密地保守她的身份。...the chin guard of my helmet.…我头盔上的下巴防护罩。Charm the audience and catch them off guard.让观众陶醉，然后出其不意使他们大吃一惊。The ANC could not afford to lower its guard until everything had been carried out.在所有任务完成之前，非洲人国民大会丝毫不敢放松警惕。You can't let your guard down.你不能掉以轻心。The police have questioned him thoroughly, and he'll be on his guard.警察已仔细盘问了他，因此他会保持警惕。Police were on guard at Barnet town hall.警察在巴尼特市政厅值守。One young policeman stood guard outside the locked embassy gates.一名年轻的警察在大门紧闭的使馆外站岗。Three men were arrested and one was under guard in a hospital.有三人被捕，一人在医院里受到监视。
hamper  vt. 妨碍；束缚；使困累The bad weather hampered rescue operations.恶劣的天气阻碍了救助行动。...a luxury food hamper.…一个豪华的食物礼品篮。...a picnic hamper.…一个野炊篮子。He tossed his damp towel into the laundry hamper.他把湿毛巾抛入洗衣篮里。
harsh  adj. 严厉的；严酷的；刺耳的；粗糙的；刺目的...the harsh desert environment.…严酷的沙漠环境。...the harshness of their living conditions.…他们生活条件之艰苦。He said many harsh and unkind things about his opponents.他说了许多关于他对手的严厉且残酷的话。She's been told that her husband is being harshly treated in prison.她被告知她丈夫正在监狱里遭受严酷的对待。Tropical colours may look rather harsh in our dull northern light.热带丛林的色彩在我们暗淡的北极光下也许会显得很刺眼。As the wine ages, it loses its bitter harshness.随着葡萄酒变陈，酒中的苦涩味就会消失。It's a pity she has such a loud harsh voice.可惜她有这么一种响亮刺耳的声音。Chris laughed harshly.克里斯大笑，声音刺耳。The harsh truth is that luck plays a big part in who will live or die.残酷的现实是，运气在很大程度上决定着谁生谁死。
heighten  vt. 提高；增高；加强；使更显著The move has heightened tension in the state.这一举动加剧了该州的紧张局势。Cross's interest heightened.克罗斯的兴趣增强了。
heritage  n. 遗产；传统；继承物；继承权The historic building is as much part of our heritage as the paintings.这座历史建筑和这些绘画作品一样也是留给我们的遗产的组成部分。
hop  v. 单足跳跃〔跳行〕I hopped down three steps.我单脚跳下3级台阶。"This really is a catching rhythm, huh?" he added, with a few little hops.“这节奏可真有感染力，是吧？”他补充说道，单脚小步跳了几下。A small brown fawn hopped across the trail in front of them.一只小棕鹿在他们面前蹦跳着穿过了小路。The rabbit got up, took four hops and turned around.兔子直起身子，蹦跳了4下，然后转过身。My wife and I were the first to arrive and hopped on board.我和妻子是最先到达并跳上车的。It is a three-hour drive but can be reached by a 20-minute hop in a private helicopter.这段路程开车需要3个小时，而乘坐私人直升飞机20分钟就可以到达。
humanity  n. 人类；人道；仁慈；人文学科They face charges of committing crimes against humanity.他们面临犯有反人类罪的指控。He was under discussion and it made him feel deprived of his humanity.他受到议论，这使他觉得自己被剥夺了人格。Her speech showed great maturity and humanity.她的演讲表现出高度的成熟和博爱。The number of students majoring in the humanities has declined by about half.主修人文学科的学生数量已经下降了近一半。
ignite  vt. 点燃；使燃烧；使激动The bombs ignited a fire which destroyed some 60 houses.炸弹引起了一场火灾，烧毁了大约六十间房屋。There was one teacher who really ignited my interest in words.曾经有一位老师真正激起了我对文字的兴趣。
illustrate  vt. 阐明，举例说明；图解The example of the United States illustrates this point.美国的例子表明了这一点。The situation illustrates how vulnerable the president is.这个情况显示总统是多么地不堪一击。Let me give another example to illustrate this difficult point.让我举另一个例子来阐明这个难点。Here, by way of illustration, are some extracts from our new catalogue.这里引为例证的是摘自我们新目录的部分内容。She went on to art school and is now illustrating a book.她接着上了美术学校，现在正在给一本书画插图。...the world of children's book illustration.…儿童书籍插图的世界。
impart  vt. 给予（尤指抽象事物），传授；告知，透露The ability to impart knowledge and command respect is the essential qualification for teachers.传授知识并博得尊敬的能力对老师们来说是基本的条件。She managed to impart great elegance to the unpretentious dress she was wearing.她努力为自己朴素的衣着增添几分优雅。
incentive  n. 动机；刺激There is little or no incentive to adopt such measures.几乎或根本没有鼓励来采取这样的措施。
incidentally  adv. 顺便；偶然地；附带地"I didn't ask you to come. Incidentally, why have you come?"“我没有叫你来。顺便问一下，你为什么来呢？”The letter mentioned my great aunt and uncle only incidentally.信里只是附带地提到我的叔祖母和叔祖父。
indispensable  adj. 不可缺少的；绝对必要的；责无旁贷的She was becoming indispensable to him.对他来说她正变得不可或缺。
industrial  adj. 工业的，产业的；从事工业的；供工业用的；来自勤劳的...industrial machinery and equipment.…工业机械及设备。...leading western industrial countries.…主要的西方工业发达国家。
industrialize  vt. 使工业化Energy consumption rises as countries industrialize.能源消耗随着各国工业化而增加。Industrialization began early in Spain.工业化很早就在西班牙开始了。
inflict  vt. 造成；使遭受（损伤、痛苦等）；给予（打击等）...the damage being inflicted on industries by the recession.…经济衰退给工业造成的损失。
ingenious  adj. 有独创性的；机灵的，精制的；心灵手巧的...a truly ingenious invention.…一项的确新颖的发明。
innocent  adj. 无辜的；无罪的；无知的He was sure that the man was innocent of any crime.他确信此人是清白无罪的。They seemed so young and innocent.他们看上去如此少不更事。She had always regarded Greg as a hopeless innocent where women were concerned.她过去一直认为格雷格在关于女人方面是一个不可救药的无知者。The baby gurgled innocently on the bed.那个婴儿在床上天真地咯咯笑。All those wounded were innocent victims.所有受伤的人都是无辜的受害者。It was probably an innocent question, but Michael got flustered anyway.那也许是个没有恶意的问题，但迈克尔还是变得紧张不安。
innovation  n. 创新，革新；新方法They produced the first vegetarian beanburger – an innovation which was rapidly exported.他们制造出第一个素式豆堡包–一种被迅速销往国外的新食品。We must promote originality, inspire creativity and encourage innovation.我们必须提倡独创性，激发创造力，鼓励创新。
inspire  vt. 激发；鼓舞；启示；产生；使生灵感Our challenge is to motivate those voters and inspire them to join our cause.我们的艰巨任务是要激励那些投票者并鼓励他们加入我们的事业。In the 1960s, the electric guitar virtuosity of Jimi Hendrix inspired a generation.20世纪60年代，吉米·亨德里克斯演奏电吉他的精湛技巧激发了一代人的热情。The book was inspired by a real person, namely Tamara de Treaux.这本书是受一个叫塔玛拉·德特罗的人启发而写成的。...Mediterranean-inspired ceramics in bright yellow and blue.…源自地中海风格灵感的明黄色和蓝色瓷器。The car's performance is effortless and its handling is precise and quickly inspires confidence.这辆车开起来毫不费劲且精确到位，能很快激起驾驶员的信心。
instantaneous  adj. 瞬间的；即时的；猝发的Death was not instantaneous because none of the bullets hit the heart.因为没有一颗子弹射中心脏，所以没有即刻死亡。Airbags inflate instantaneously on impact to form a cushion between the driver and the steering column.安全气囊在碰撞时立刻膨胀，在司机和方向盘之间形成一个缓冲。
institution  n. 制度；建立；（社会或宗教等）公共机构；习俗...financial institutions.…金融机构。Larry has been in an institution since he was four.拉里从4岁起就在孤儿院生活。I believe in the institution of marriage.我相信婚姻制度。There was never an official institution of censorship in Albania.阿尔巴尼亚从来就没有正式建立过审查制度。
insulate  vt. 隔离，使孤立；使绝缘，使隔热People should insulate their homes to conserve energy.人们应该使住房隔冷以保存能量。Is there any way we can insulate our home from the noise?有什么办法能使我们家隔音吗？In order to make it safe, the element is electrically insulated.为安全起见，该元件做了绝缘处理。They wonder if their community is no longer insulated from big city problems.他们想知道他们的社区是否不再与那些大城市的问题隔离。They lived in happy insulation from brutal facts.他们生活在幸福中，与残酷事实相隔绝。
integral  adj. 积分的；完整的，整体的；构成整体所必须的Rituals, celebrations, and festivals form an integral part of every human society.仪式、庆典和节日是每个人类社会不可缺少的组成部分。
integrate  vt. 使…完整；使…成整体；求…的积分；表示…的总和He didn't integrate successfully into the Italian way of life.他没有成功融入到意大利的生活方式中去。Integrating the kids with the community is essential.使孩子们融入这个社区是非常必要的。He thinks we are living in a fully integrated, supportive society.他认为我们生活在一个完全融合、互相帮助的社会。The Marine Corps was the last service to integrate.美国海军陆战队是最后合并的部队。...a black honour student in Chicago's integrated Lincoln Park High School.…在芝加哥混合种族的林肯公园高中上学的一位黑人优等学生。Writing about a topic helps you integrate new knowledge with what you already know.围绕某一题目写作有助于你将新知识和已有知识结合起来。...historic landmarks that integrate with the community.…与社区融为一体的历史性里程碑。There is, he said, a lack of an integrated national transportation policy.他说目前缺乏一个整体的全国运输政策。
intelligible  adj. 可理解的；明了的；仅能用智力了解的The language of Darwin was intelligible to experts and non-experts alike.达尔文的语言对专家和平常人来说都容易理解。
interval  n. 间隔；间距；幕间休息The process is repeated after a short interval of time.该程序间隔很短时间就重复一次。...during the interval of the musical "Steppin' Out."…在音乐剧《影舞追梦》的幕间休息期间。Fraser did not perform until after the interval.弗雷泽直到中场休息之后才出场。She woke him for his medicines at intervals throughout the night.整个晚上她不时叫醒他，让他吃药。Several red and white barriers marked the road at intervals of about a mile.每隔1英里左右就有一些红白相间的路障来标示道路。
interview  n. 接见，采访；面试，面谈The interview went well.面试很顺利。When Wardell was interviewed, he was impressive, and on that basis, he was hired.当沃德尔接受面试时，他给人印象深刻，因此他被雇用了。The trouble began when Allan gave an interview to the Chicago Tribune last month.麻烦开始于艾伦上个月接受《芝加哥论坛报》的采访。I'd interviewed him often in the past.我过去经常采访他。The police interviewed the driver, but had no evidence to go on.警察询问了司机，但没有得到继续调查的证据。
invest  vt. 投资；覆盖；耗费；授予；包围Many people don't like to invest in stocks.许多人不喜欢投资股票。I'm tired of watching you invest our money in insane projects.我看够了你将我们的钱投到一些荒唐的项目上。The company has invested a six-figure sum in an electronic order-control system which is used to keep stores stocked.这家公司已经耗资6位数购买了电子定单控制系统来为商店进货。...the need to invest in new technology.…这种投资于新技术的需要。Government agencies must invest more funds in training and development programmes.政府机构必须将更多的资金投入到培训和开发项目中。I would rather invest time in Rebecca than in the kitchen.我宁愿把时间花在丽贝卡身上，也不愿花在厨房里。The constitution invested him with certain powers.宪法赋予了他一些权力。
investigate  v. 调查；研究They're still investigating the accident.他们还在调查这个事故。He ordered an investigation into the affair.他下令对此事进行调查。
isolate  vt. 使隔离；使孤立；使绝缘This policy could isolate the country from the other permanent members of the United Nations Security Council.这项政策可能会将这个国家从联合国安理会的其他常任理事国中孤立出来。They are finding themselves increasingly isolated within the teaching profession.他们发现自己在教育界中越来越孤立。She seemed determined to isolate herself from everyone, even him.她似乎决心要与每个人，甚至是他割断联系。His radicalism and refusal to compromise isolated him.他的激进和拒绝让步使他受到了孤立。Our anxieties can also be controlled by isolating thoughts, feelings and memories.我们的焦虑也可以通过对思想、感情和记忆分别进行考虑来加以控制。We can use genetic engineering techniques to isolate the gene that is responsible.我们可以用遗传工程技术将起作用的基因离析出来。Patients will be isolated from other people for between three days and one month after treatment.治疗之后，患者将被与他人隔离3天到1个月。Hayley contracted tuberculosis and had to be put in an isolation ward.海利感染了肺结核而不得不被送进一个隔离病房。
jeopardize  vt. 危害；使陷危地；使受危困He has jeopardized his future career.他损害了他的前程。
label  vt. 标注；贴标签于He peered at the label on the bottle.他注视着瓶子上的标签。It requires foreign frozen-food imports to be clearly labelled.它要求外国进口冷冻食品要粘贴明确的标签。The produce was labelled "Made in China."该产品上贴有“中国制造”的标签。It won't be labelled in any way as a military expedition.它无论如何也称不上是一次军事远征。It does not matter whether these duties are labelled "duties" or "tasks".这些义务被称作“义务”还是“任务”都无关紧要。
lawsuit  n. 诉讼（尤指非刑事案件）；诉讼案件The dispute culminated last week in a lawsuit against the government.这场针对政府诉讼案的争论在上星期达到了高潮。
leap  vi. 跳，跳跃He leaped in the air and waved his fists to the fans as he ran out of the stadium.他跑出体育馆，跳起来向他的崇拜者们挥舞着拳头。Frederick leaped 22 feet, 7¼ inches on his second attempt.弗雷德里克第2次试跳跳了22英尺7.25英寸。The suspect took a leap out of a third-storey window.那个犯罪嫌疑人从三楼的窗口跳了出去。The two men leaped into the jeep and roared off.那两个人飞快地跳上吉普车呼啸而去。The car leaped forward.汽车突然向前冲去。The result has been a giant leap in productivity.其结果就是生产力的大幅度提高。...the leap in the unemployed from 35,000 to 75,000.…失业人数从3.5万人猛增到7.5万人。Bush's approval rating leaped to an astounding 88 percent.布什的支持率令人吃惊地剧增到了88%。
lease  n. 租约；租期；租赁物；租赁权He took up a 10-year lease on the house.他为这房子签了10年的租约。He went to Toronto, where he leased an apartment.他去了多伦多，在那里租了一套公寓。She hopes to lease the building to students.她希望把大楼租给学生。
legal  adj. 法律的；合法的；法定的；依照法律的He vowed to take legal action.他发誓要诉诸法律行动。...the legal system.…法律制度。It could be a bit problematic, legally speaking.从法律上说，可能是有点问题。What I did was perfectly legal.我做的事情完全合法。
lest  conj. 唯恐，以免；担心I was afraid to open the door lest he should follow me.我当时害怕打开那个门惟恐他跟踪我。And, lest we forget, Einstein wrote his most influential papers while working as a clerk.而且，为了不使我们忘记，爱因斯坦在做小职员的时候写了他最有影响的论文。
liable  adj. 有责任的，有义务的；应受罚的；有…倾向的；易…的Only a small minority of the mentally ill are liable to harm themselves or others.只有极少数的精神病人很有可能伤害到自己或他人。She will grow into a woman particularly liable to depression.她将变成一个特别易于消沉的女人。The airline's insurer is liable for damages to the victims' families.航空公司投保的保险公司为遇难者家庭的损失负法律责任。The company does not accept liability for fragile, valuable or perishable articles.公司对于易碎、贵重或易腐烂的物品不负责任。
linger  vi. 徘徊；苟延残喘；磨蹭The scent of her perfume lingered on in the room.她的香水味在房间里久久不散。He was ashamed. That feeling lingered, and he was never comfortable in church after that.他很惭愧。这种感觉持续着，此后他在教堂里就再没有自在过。Customers are welcome to linger over coffee until around midnight.顾客们可以慢慢品味咖啡到午夜。
loan  n. 贷款；借款The country has no access to foreign loans or financial aid.该国得不到外国贷款或财政援助。The president wants to make it easier for small businesses to get bank loans.总统想使小公司能更容易地获得银行贷款。I am in need of a loan of a bike for a few weeks.我需要借辆自行车来用几周。He had kindly offered to loan us all the plants required for the exhibit.他友好地主动提出了借给我们展览会所需的全部植物。It is common practice for clubs to loan out players to sides in the lower divisions.将球员借给下级球队是俱乐部的惯例。...impressionist paintings on loan from the National Gallery.…从国家美术馆借来的印象派画作。
magnify  vt. 放大；赞美；夸大This version of the Digges telescope magnifies images 11 times.这种型号的迪格斯望远镜能将图像放大11倍。A lens would magnify the picture so it would be like looking at a large TV screen.透镜会把图像放大，这样就会像看大电视屏幕。Poverty and human folly magnify natural disasters.贫穷和人类的愚蠢加剧自然灾难。They do not grasp the broad situation and spend their time magnifying ridiculous details.他们没有把握大局而把时间花费在夸大荒谬的细节上。
majority  n. 多数；成年The majority of my patients come to me from out of town.我的多数病人来自市区外。Surveys indicate that supporters of the treaty are still in the majority.调查显示该条约的支持者仍占多数。Members of parliament approved the move by a majority of ninety-nine.国会议员们以99票的多数批准了该提案。...her continuing disagreement with the majority view.…她与多数人观点的持续不一致。...a citizen of Russia who has reached the age of majority.…一个已成年的俄罗斯公民。
mature  adj. 成熟的；充分考虑的；到期的；成年人的You will learn what to expect as your child matures physically.当你的孩子身体发育成熟时，你将知道会发生什么。When the trees matured they were cut.当这些树长成时，它们就会被砍掉。They have matured way beyond their age.他们已经成熟得远远超过了他们的年龄。They are emotionally mature and should behave responsibly.他们在情感上是成熟的，应该负责任地行事。Unlike wine, brandy matures only in wood, not glass.和葡萄酒不同，白兰地只能在木质容器里酿成，玻璃容器不行。Grate some mature cheddar cheese.磨碎一些酿熟的切达干酪。These bonuses will be paid when your savings plan matures in ten years' time.当你的储蓄计划在10年后到期时，这些红利将会被支付。...a man of mature years who had been in the job for longer than most of the members could remember.…一个成年男子，从事这项工作的时间已经长得大部分成员都记不清了。
maximum  n. [数] 极大，最大限度；最大量Under planning law the maximum height for a fence or hedge is 6 feet.根据规划法，栅栏或树篱的最高高度为6英尺。The law provides for a maximum of two years in prison.法律规定监禁最长两年。I need the maximum amount of information you can give me.我需要你所能给我的最大的信息量。It was achieved with minimum fuss and maximum efficiency.它以最少的慌乱和最高的效率被做到了。We need an extra 6 grams a day maximum.我们一天最多还需要6克。
minor  adj. 未成年的；次要的；较小的；小调的；二流的She is known in Italy for a number of minor roles in films.她因担任电影中一些配角而闻名意大利。Sarah had been plagued continually by a series of minor illnesses since her mid teens.自从十四五岁起萨拉就一直小病不断。The approach has virtually ended cigarette sales to minors.这一作法实际上已经终止了向未成年人出售香烟。...the unfinished sonata movement in F minor.…未完成的F小调奏鸣曲乐章。
misfortune  n. 不幸；灾祸，灾难She seemed to enjoy the misfortunes of others.她似乎很喜欢幸灾乐祸。
mislead  vt. 误导；带错It's this legend which has misled scholars.正是这个传奇故事误导了学者们。
momentum  n. 势头；[物] 动量；动力；冲力This campaign is really gaining momentum.这场运动确实势头正猛。
multiply  vt. 乘；使增加；使繁殖；使相乘Such disputes multiplied in the eighteenth and nineteenth centuries.此类争论在18世纪和19世纪大大增加。These creatures can multiply quickly.这些生物能迅速大量繁殖。What do you get if you multiply six by nine?6乘以9得多少？
muscle  n. 肌肉；力量Keeping your muscles strong and in tone helps you to avoid back problems.保持强壮有力的肌肉有助于防范背疾。Eisenhower used his muscle to persuade Congress to change the law.艾森豪威尔施展了他的影响力来说服国会修改该法律。The Fair Trade Commission has of late been flexing its muscles, cracking down on cases of corruption.公平交易委员会最近一展雄威，对腐败案件进行了严惩。He stood without moving a muscle, unable to believe what his eyes saw so plainly.他一动也不动地站着，不敢相信自己的眼睛。
negotiate  vt. 谈判，商议；转让；越过It is not clear whether the president is willing to negotiate with the Democrats.尚不清楚总统是否愿意与民主党人进行谈判。When you have two adversaries negotiating, you need to be on neutral territory.在你让敌对双方谈判时，你应该采取中间立场。The local government and the army negotiated a truce.该地方政府和军方谈判达成了休战协定。Western governments have this week urged him to negotiate and avoid force.西方国家政府本周已敦促他进行谈判并且避免使用武力。Frank Mariano negotiates the desert terrain in his battered pickup.弗兰克·马里亚诺驾驶他那辆破旧的敞篷小货车成功地穿越了沙漠地区。I negotiated the corner on my motorcycle and pulled to a stop.我骑着摩托车顺利地绕过弯道，停了下来。
nominate  vt. 推荐；提名；任命；指定This week one of them will be nominated by the Democratic Party for the presidency of the United States.本周他们中的一人将被民主党提名为美国总统职位的候选人。The Security Council can nominate anyone for secretary-general.安全理事会可以提名任何人为秘书长。In 1967 Johnson nominated Thurgood Marshall to the Supreme Court.1967年，约翰逊任命瑟古德·马歇尔为最高法院法官。She was nominated by the president as ambassador to Barbados.她被总统任命为驻巴巴多斯大使。Practically every film he made was nominated for an Oscar.他制作的每部电影几乎都获得了奥斯卡提名。
numerous  adj. 许多的，很多的Sex crimes were just as numerous as they are today.当时的性犯罪与现在一样多。
offend  vt. 冒犯；使…不愉快He apologizes for his comments and says he had no intention of offending the community.他为自己的评论道歉，并且说他无意冒犯那个团体。In the great effort not to offend, we end up saying nothing.为了尽量不冒犯人，我们最终什么也没说。She is terribly offended, angered and hurt by this.她被此深深地触犯、触怒并伤害了。In Western countries girls are far less likely to offend than boys.在西方国家，女孩们远不像男孩们那样容易犯罪。
offspring  n. 后代，子孙；产物Eleanor was now less anxious about her offspring than she had once been.这时，埃莉诺已不像以前那样为子女担忧了。
oppose  vt. 反对；对抗，抗争Mr. Taylor was not bitter toward those who had opposed him.泰勒先生并不仇恨那些曾经反对过他的人。
option  n. [计] 选项；选择权；买卖的特权He's argued from the start that the US and its allies are putting too much emphasis on the military option.他从一开始就争论说美国及其盟国过于看重军事这个选项。Criminals are given the option of going to jail or facing public humiliation.罪犯们被给予进监狱或面对公众羞辱的选择权。Each bank has granted the other an option on 19.9% of its shares.每家银行都已把自己股份的19.9%的期权给予另一家银行。Several options are offered for the student's senior year.好几门选修课开给毕业班的学生。I am keeping my options open; I can decide in a few months.我保留选择的权利；我可以几个月后再作出决定。
outdate  vt. 使过时；使废弃；使陈旧
overall  adj. 全部的；全体的；一切在内的...the overall rise in unemployment.…失业人数的总体上升。Overall I was disappointed.总的来说，我感到失望。...a man in white overalls....一个穿白色防护服的男人。
overflow  vi. 溢出；泛滥；充溢Pour in some of the broth, but not all of it, because it will probably overflow.倒入部分肉汤，不要全部，因为很可能会溢出来。The rivers overflowed their banks.那些河里的水漫过了河岸。Schreiber addressed an auditorium overflowing with journalists.施赖伯向挤满了新闻记者的观众席致辞。The kitchen garden was full to overflowing with fresh vegetables.菜园里长满了新鲜的蔬菜。
overtake  vt. 赶上；压倒；突然来袭Lung cancer has now overtaken breast cancer as a cause of death for women in the U.S.肺癌作为一种美国女性死亡原因现已超过了乳腺癌。Something like panic overtook me in a flood.一种类似恐慌的感觉在一次洪水中压倒了我。
overturn  vt. 推翻；倾覆；破坏The motorcycle veered out of control, overturned and smashed into a wall.摩托车转向失去了控制，翻倒在地，然后猛地撞到一面墙上。Alex jumped up so violently that he overturned his glass of wine.亚历克斯跃起得太猛，以至于打翻了他的那杯葡萄酒。When the courts overturned his decision, he backed down.当法院推翻了他的决定时，他让步了。
package  n. 包，包裹；套装软件，[计] 程序包I tore open the package.我撕开了那个包裹。...a package of doughnuts.…一包炸面圈。...a package of measures to help the film industry.…一揽子帮助电影业的措施。The beans are then ground and packaged for sale as ground coffee.咖啡豆接着被磨碎、包装，以研磨咖啡销售。A city is like any product, it has to be packaged properly to be attractive to the consumer.一座城市就像任何产品一样，需要适当地加以包装来吸引消费者。...package tours to Egypt.…去埃及的包价旅游。
panic  n. 恐慌，惊慌；大恐慌An earthquake has hit the capital, causing damage to buildings and panic among the population.一场地震袭击了首都，造成建筑物的损坏和人们的惊慌。There was a moment of panic as it became clear just how vulnerable the nation was.随着国家如此脆弱变得明显，出现了一阵恐慌局面。I'm in a panic about getting everything done in time.我处于一阵要把一切及时安排就绪的恐慌中。Guests panicked and screamed when the bomb exploded.炸弹爆炸的时候，客人们惊慌失措，惊声尖叫。The unexpected and sudden memory briefly panicked her.这突如其来的记忆使她一时惊慌失措。
parallel  n. 平行线；对比Readers familiar with military conflict will find a vague parallel to the Vietnam War.熟悉军事冲突的读者们会发现一个和越南战争大致相似的事件。It's an ecological disaster with no parallel anywhere else in the world.这是一场世界其他任何地方均无等同的生态灾难。Detailed study of folk music from a variety of countries reveals many close parallels.对不同国家的民乐的详细研究表明它们有很多相似之处。There are significant parallels with the 1980s.与20世纪80年代有显著的相似之处。Often there are emotional reasons paralleling the financial ones.经济原因的常常伴有情感原因。His remarks paralleled those of the president.他的评论与总统的评论相同。...parallel talks between the two countries' foreign ministers.…两国外长之间相似的谈话。Their instincts do not always run parallel with ours.他们的直觉并不总是与我们的同步。...seventy-two ships, drawn up in two parallel lines.…72艘船，停靠成两条平行线。Remsen Street is parallel with Montague Street.雷姆森大街与蒙塔古大街是平行的。...the area south of the 38th parallel.…38度纬线以南的地区。
patriot  n. 爱国者It has been suggested the founders were not true patriots but men out to protect their own interests.有人指出创建者并非真正的爱国者，而是一些维护自己利益的人。
pension  n. 退休金，抚恤金；津贴；膳宿费...struggling by on a pension.…靠养老金艰难度日。
perceive  vt. 察觉，感觉；理解；认知Students must perceive for themselves the relationship between success and effort.学生们必须自己去认识到成功与努力之间的关系。Stress is widely perceived as contributing to coronary heart disease.压力普遍被认为能造成冠心病。
permanent  adj. 永久的，永恒的；不变的Heavy drinking can cause permanent damage to the brain.饮酒过量可能造成永久性脑损伤。...a permanent solution to the problem.…一个解决该问题的永久性办法。His confidence had been permanently affected by the ordeal.他的信心已永久地被这次磨难影响了。...a permanent state of tension.…长期的紧张状态。They feel under permanent threat.他们感觉处在持续不断的威胁之下。...the heavy, permanently locked gate.…这扇厚重的、长年锁着的大门。At the end of the probationary period you will become a permanent employee.试用期结束后，你将成为终身雇员。...permanently employed lifeguards.…终身雇用的救生员。They had no permanent address.他们没有固定的地址。Her hair had had a permanent, but had grown out.她的头发曾经烫卷过，但又长出新的了。
permeate  vt. 渗透，透过；弥漫Bias against women permeates every level of the judicial system.对妇女的偏见全面影响司法体系的各个层面。The smell of roast beef permeated the air.烤牛肉的气味弥漫在空气中。
perpetual  adj. 永久的；不断的；四季开花的；无期限的...the creation of a perpetual union.…一个永久性工会的创立。They were all perpetually starving.他们一直都在挨饿。I thought her perpetual complaints were going to prove too much for me.我觉得她那永无休止的抱怨会让我吃不消的。He perpetually interferes in political affairs.他不断地干涉政治事务。
phase  n. 月相This autumn, 6000 residents will participate in the first phase of the project.今年秋季，6000名居民将参与这项计划的第一阶段。The crisis is entering a crucial, critical phase.危机正进入一个至关重要的决定性阶段。
pitch  vi. 倾斜；投掷；搭帐篷；坠落Simon pitched the empty bottle into the lake.西蒙把空瓶子投进湖里。We passed long, hot afternoons pitching a baseball.我们以打棒球来消磨一个个漫长的炎热午后。The movement took him by surprise, and he pitched forward.突然的移动让他猝不及防，向前跌倒。Alan staggered sideways, pitched head-first over the low wall and fell into the lake.艾伦两侧摇晃着，一头栽过矮墙，掉进湖里。They were being pitched into a new adventure in which they would have to fight the whole world.他们当时正被胁迫参与到一次不得不与整个世界抗衡的新冒险中。He raised his voice to an even higher pitch.他将嗓门提得更高了。His cry is pitched at a level that makes it impossible to ignore.他哭声之大让人不可能置若罔闻。His voice was pitched high, the words muffled by his crying.他的嗓门提得很高，说的话都被他的叫喊声压得听不清了。While this is very important material I think it's probably pitched at too high a level for our students.尽管这是个很重要的材料，但我认为它的难度太大，不适合我们的学生。The public's feelings were at a high pitch of indignation.公众的愤怒情绪达到了极点。My agent has pitched the idea to my editor in New York.我的代理人已向我在纽约的编辑力荐这个想法。...a football pitch.…一个足球场。He was the fastest thing I ever saw on a baseball field.他是我见过的在棒球场上跑得最快的家伙。The president speaks in New York today, making another pitch for his economic programme.总统今天在纽约发表讲话，再一次游说他的经济计划。
pitch  vi. 倾斜；投掷；搭帐篷；坠落Simon pitched the empty bottle into the lake.西蒙把空瓶子投进湖里。We passed long, hot afternoons pitching a baseball.我们以打棒球来消磨一个个漫长的炎热午后。The movement took him by surprise, and he pitched forward.突然的移动让他猝不及防，向前跌倒。Alan staggered sideways, pitched head-first over the low wall and fell into the lake.艾伦两侧摇晃着，一头栽过矮墙，掉进湖里。They were being pitched into a new adventure in which they would have to fight the whole world.他们当时正被胁迫参与到一次不得不与整个世界抗衡的新冒险中。He raised his voice to an even higher pitch.他将嗓门提得更高了。His cry is pitched at a level that makes it impossible to ignore.他哭声之大让人不可能置若罔闻。His voice was pitched high, the words muffled by his crying.他的嗓门提得很高，说的话都被他的叫喊声压得听不清了。While this is very important material I think it's probably pitched at too high a level for our students.尽管这是个很重要的材料，但我认为它的难度太大，不适合我们的学生。The public's feelings were at a high pitch of indignation.公众的愤怒情绪达到了极点。My agent has pitched the idea to my editor in New York.我的代理人已向我在纽约的编辑力荐这个想法。...a football pitch.…一个足球场。He was the fastest thing I ever saw on a baseball field.他是我见过的在棒球场上跑得最快的家伙。The president speaks in New York today, making another pitch for his economic programme.总统今天在纽约发表讲话，再一次游说他的经济计划。
plea  n. 恳求，请求；辩解，辩护；借口，托辞Mr. Nicholas made his emotional plea for help in solving the killing.尼古拉斯先生发出了令人感动的呼吁，恳求帮助破解这桩杀人案。The judge questioned him about his guilty plea.法官就他的认罪答辩对他提出质疑。We will enter a plea of not guilty.我们将进行无罪抗辩。Phillips murdered his wife, but got off on a plea of insanity.菲利普斯谋杀了自己的妻子，但以精神错乱为由逃脱了罪责。
plead  vt. 借口；为...辩护；托称The lady pleaded with her daughter to come back home.那位女士恳求她的女儿回家。He was kneeling on the floor pleading for mercy.他正跪在地板上请求宽恕。Morris had pleaded guilty to robbery.莫里斯已经承认犯有抢劫罪。He appeared before the committee to plead his case.他出现在委员会上为他的案子辩护。Mr. Giles pleads ignorance as his excuse.贾尔斯先生以不知情作为他的借口。
pop  n. 流行音乐；汽水；砰然声；枪击...the perfect combination of Caribbean rhythms, European pop, and American soul.…加勒比旋律、欧洲流行乐及美国灵乐的完美结合。...a life-size poster of a pop star.…一张如真人大小的流行歌星海报。...a can of pop.…一听碳酸饮料。Each corn kernel will make a loud pop when cooked.每颗玉米粒炒熟的时候都会发出很响的爆裂声。He untwisted the wire off the champagne bottle, and the cork popped and shot to the ceiling.他拧开香槟瓶子上的铁丝，瓶塞砰的一声冲到了天花板上。My eyes popped at the sight of the rich variety of food on show.我瞪大眼睛看着各色各样的食物展品。Marianne got a couple of mugs from the cupboard and popped a teabag into each of them.玛丽安娜从碗柜中拿出了几个杯子，把茶袋迅速地放入每个杯子中。I looked at Pop and he had big tears in his eyes.我看了看爸爸，他眼里噙着大滴的泪珠。
pop  n. 流行音乐；汽水；砰然声；枪击...the perfect combination of Caribbean rhythms, European pop, and American soul.…加勒比旋律、欧洲流行乐及美国灵乐的完美结合。...a life-size poster of a pop star.…一张如真人大小的流行歌星海报。...a can of pop.…一听碳酸饮料。Each corn kernel will make a loud pop when cooked.每颗玉米粒炒熟的时候都会发出很响的爆裂声。He untwisted the wire off the champagne bottle, and the cork popped and shot to the ceiling.他拧开香槟瓶子上的铁丝，瓶塞砰的一声冲到了天花板上。My eyes popped at the sight of the rich variety of food on show.我瞪大眼睛看着各色各样的食物展品。Marianne got a couple of mugs from the cupboard and popped a teabag into each of them.玛丽安娜从碗柜中拿出了几个杯子，把茶袋迅速地放入每个杯子中。I looked at Pop and he had big tears in his eyes.我看了看爸爸，他眼里噙着大滴的泪珠。
pop  n. 流行音乐；汽水；砰然声；枪击...the perfect combination of Caribbean rhythms, European pop, and American soul.…加勒比旋律、欧洲流行乐及美国灵乐的完美结合。...a life-size poster of a pop star.…一张如真人大小的流行歌星海报。...a can of pop.…一听碳酸饮料。Each corn kernel will make a loud pop when cooked.每颗玉米粒炒熟的时候都会发出很响的爆裂声。He untwisted the wire off the champagne bottle, and the cork popped and shot to the ceiling.他拧开香槟瓶子上的铁丝，瓶塞砰的一声冲到了天花板上。My eyes popped at the sight of the rich variety of food on show.我瞪大眼睛看着各色各样的食物展品。Marianne got a couple of mugs from the cupboard and popped a teabag into each of them.玛丽安娜从碗柜中拿出了几个杯子，把茶袋迅速地放入每个杯子中。I looked at Pop and he had big tears in his eyes.我看了看爸爸，他眼里噙着大滴的泪珠。
possess  vt. 控制；使掌握；持有；迷住；拥有，具备He was then arrested and charged with possessing an offensive weapon.他之后被逮捕了并被指控拥有攻击性武器。
practically  adv. 实际地；几乎；事实上He'd known the old man practically all his life.他几乎从小就认识那位老人。The course is more practically based than the master's degree.这一课程比硕士学位更注重实际。
presentation  n. 展示；描述，陈述；介绍；赠送We serve traditional French food cooked in a lighter way, keeping the presentation simple.我们提供传统法国美食，风味清淡，外观简洁。...after receiving his award at a presentation in Kansas City yesterday.…昨天在堪萨斯城的一个颁奖仪式上接受了他的奖项之后。James Watson, Philip Mayo and I gave a slide and video presentation.詹姆斯·沃森、菲利普·梅奥和我一起做了一场有幻灯和录像片的讲座。
prevail  vi. 盛行，流行；战胜，获胜We hoped that common sense would prevail.我们希望常识能占上风。Rick still believes that justice will prevail.里克仍然相信正义会占上风。A similar situation prevails in Canada.同样的情况在加拿大也普遍存在。...the confusion which had prevailed at the time of the revolution.…在革命时期普遍存在的混乱。He appears to have the votes he needs to prevail.他看来有他胜出所需要的选票。
prevalent  adj. 流行的；普遍的，广传的This condition is more prevalent in women than in men.这种情况在女性中比在男性中更为普遍。Smoking is becoming increasingly prevalent among younger women.吸烟在年轻女性中正变得越来越盛行。...the prevalence of cocaine abuse in the 1980s.…20世纪80年代可卡因滥用的盛行。
prior  adj. 优先的；在先的，在前的He claimed he had no prior knowledge of the protest.他声称他事先对那次抗议一无所知。The Constitution requires the president to seek the prior approval of Congress for military action.宪法要求总统寻求国会对军事行动的事先批准。The firm I wanted to use had prior commitments.我选择的那家公司有优先承诺。A death prior to 65 is considered to be a premature death.65岁以前的死亡被认为是过早死亡。
profitable  adj. 有利可图的；赚钱的；有益的Drug manufacturing is the most profitable business in the U.S.药品生产是美国最赚钱的行业。The 28 French stores are trading profitably.那28家法国商店在盈利。...close collaboration with industry which leads to a profitable exchange of personnel and ideas.…能带来人员和理念上有益交流的与企业的密切合作。In fact he could scarcely have spent his time more profitably.事实上他几乎不可能把他的时间花得更有益了。
profound  adj. 深厚的；意义深远的；渊博的...discoveries which had a profound effect on many areas of medicine.…对医学的许多领域都有深刻影响的一些发现。...profound disagreement.…极大的分歧。This has profoundly affected my life.这已极大地影响了我的生活。This is a book full of profound, original, and challenging insights.这是一本充满高深、新颖且富有挑战性见解的书。
prohibit  vt. 阻止，禁止...a law that prohibits tobacco advertising in newspapers and magazines.…一项禁止在报纸和杂志上刊登烟草广告的法律。Fishing is prohibited.捕鱼是受禁止的。The air force and the navy retain their prohibition of women on air combat missions.空军和海军都保留了对女性空中作战任务的禁止。
prolong  vt. 延长；拖延Mr. Chesler said foreign military aid was prolonging the war.切斯勒先生说外国的军事援助正在延长这场战争。
proof  n. 证明；证据；校样；考验；验证；试验You have to have proof of residence in the state of Texas, such as a Texas ID card.你必须有在德克萨斯州的居住证明，例如一张得克萨斯州的身份证。This is not necessarily proof that he is wrong.这未必是他错了的证明。...a glass of Wild Turkey bourbon: 101 proof.…一杯101标准酒精度的野火鸡牌波旁威士忌。
provoke  vt. 驱使；激怒；煽动；惹起He started beating me when I was about fifteen but I didn't do anything to provoke him.我大约十五岁时，他开始打我，但我并没有做什么招惹他的事情。His election success has provoked a shocked reaction.他的竞选胜利已经引起了震惊的反应。
quota  n. 配额；定额；限额The quota of four tickets per person had been reduced to two.每人4张票的限额已减少到了2张。The bill would force employers to adopt a quota system when recruiting workers.该法案将迫使雇主们在录用工人时采取配额制。They have the usual quota of human weaknesses, no doubt.他们毫无疑问也有人类通常的弱点。
radical  adj. 激进的；根本的；彻底的The country needs a period of calm without more surges of radical change.这个国家需要一段平静的时期，不再有重大变化所引发的动荡。...two large groups of people with radically different beliefs and cultures.…信仰与文化彻底不同的两大群体。...threats by left-wing radical groups to disrupt the proceedings.…左翼激进团体要扰乱这些活动的威胁。Vanessa and I had been student radicals together at Berkeley from 1965 to 1967.瓦妮莎和我在1965年至1967年期间都是伯克利大学的学生激进分子。
rash  adj. 轻率的；鲁莽的；不顾后果的It would be rash to rely on such evidence.依靠这样的证据太轻率了。I made a lot of money, but I rashly gave most of it away.我赚了很多钱，但我轻率地挥霍了其中的大部分。He may break out in a rash when he eats these nuts.他吃了这些坚果以后可能会长出疹子。...one of the few major airlines left untouched by the industry's rash of takeovers.…在这一连串的行业兼并中剩下的少数几个未被波及的大航空公司之一。
react  vi. 反应，作出反应；产生（化学）反应；They reacted violently to the news.他们对这条新闻反应强烈。My father never saved money and perhaps I reacted against that.我父亲从不攒钱，也许我反对这种做法。Someone allergic to milk is likely to react to cheese.对牛奶过敏的人可能会对奶酪也有不良反应。Calcium reacts with water but less violently than sodium and potassium do.钙能与水产生化学反应但不如钠以及钾那么剧烈。
reassure  vt. 使…安心，使消除疑虑I tried to reassure her, "Don't worry about it. We won't let it happen again."我尽力使她安心，“别担心，我们不会允许它再发生的。”
reception  n. 接待；接收；招待会；感受；反应At the reception they served smoked salmon.在招待会上，他们端上了熏三文鱼。Have him bring a car around to reception.让他开辆车到接待处附近来。Wait at reception for me.在服务台等我。Mr. Mandela was given a warm reception in Washington.曼德拉先生在华盛顿受到了热情接待。...poor radio reception.…糟糕的广播接收效果。
rectify  vt. 改正；精馏；整流Only an act of Congress could rectify the situation.只有国会的法案才能扭转这种局面。
reference  n. 参考，参照；涉及，提及；参考书目；介绍信；证明书He made no reference to any agreement.他没有提到任何协议。Please keep this sheet in a safe place for reference.请把这张纸放在稳妥的地方以备查阅。...a useful reference work for teachers.…一本对老师们有用处的参考资料。...a reference from the Koran.…一段《可兰经》的引文。Make a note of the reference number shown on the form.记下表格上的编码。The firm offered to give her a reference.公司提出给她开一封推荐信。The official at the American embassy asked me for two references.美国大使馆的官员要我提供两名证明人。I am writing with reference to your article on salaries for scientists.我给你写信是要谈谈你写的有关科学家工资的那篇文章。
refute  vt. 反驳，驳斥；驳倒It was the kind of rumour that it is impossible to refute.这是那种不可能推翻的谣言。Isabelle is quick to refute any suggestion of intellectual snobbery.对于任何暗示她恃才傲物的话，伊莎贝尔都立即予以否认。
regarding  prep. 关于，至于He refused to divulge any information regarding the man's whereabouts.他拒绝透露任何关于那个男人下落的消息。
register  vt. 登记；注册；记录；挂号邮寄；把…挂号；正式提出...registers of births, deaths, and marriages.…出生、死亡及结婚登记簿。Have you come to register at the school?你到学校来注册过了吗？Thousands lined up to register to vote.数千人排队登记投票。In order to register a car in Japan, the owner must have somewhere to park it.在日本要想登记一辆汽车，车主必须要有停车的地方。It will only register on sophisticated X-ray equipment.只有在先进的X光设备上它才会显示出来。The earthquake registered 5.7 on the Richter scale.这次地震显示为里氏5.7级。Voters wish to register their dissatisfaction with the ruling party.选民们希望表达他们对执政党的不满。Surprise again registered on Rodney's face.罗德尼的脸上再次流露出惊讶的表情。It wasn't that she couldn't hear me, it was just that what I said sometimes didn't register in her brain.并不是她听不到我说话，而是我的话有时候没有在她脑子里留下印象。
remedy  vt. 补救；治疗；纠正The remedy lies in the hands of the government.解决办法就在政府手中。There are many different kinds of natural remedies to help overcome winter infections.很多不同种类的天然药物有助于克服冬季传染病。A great deal has been done internally to remedy the situation.内部已经采取了很多措施来挽救局面。
representative  adj. 典型的，有代表性的；代议制的...trade union representatives.…工会代表们。She had a stressful job as a sales representative.作为一名销售代理，她的工作压力很大。...a Republican representative from Wyoming.…一位来自怀俄明州的共和党众议员。The new head of state should be chosen by an 87-member representative council.新的国家元首应该由87人组成的代表委员会选出。He was in no way representative of dog trainers in general.他绝不能代表大多数的驯狗师。
reproach  n. 责备；耻辱She is quick to reproach anyone who doesn't live up to her own high standards.她动不动就指责达不到她高标准的人。He looked at her with reproach.他用责备的目光看着她。You've no reason to reproach yourself, no reason to feel shame.你没有理由责备自己，也没有理由感到羞愧。
reside  vi. 住，居住；属于Margaret resides with her invalid mother in a Seattle suburb.玛格丽特和她有病的妈妈住在西雅图郊区。Happiness does not reside in strength or money.幸福不存在于力量或金钱之中。
resolve  vt. 决定；溶解；使…分解；决心要做…We must find a way to resolve these problems before it's too late.我们必须找到一个办法去解决这些问题,不然就太晚了。She resolved to report the matter to the hospital's nursing supervisor.她决心把这件事向该医院的护士长汇报。So you're saying this will strengthen the American public's resolve to go to war if necessary?那么你是说，这将会坚定美国公众在必要时参战的决心？
retreat  n. 撤退；休息寓所；撤退"I've already got a job," I said quickly, and retreated from the room.“我已经有了工作，”我迅速说道，然后就从房间里退了出来。The French, suddenly outnumbered, were forced to retreat.法军在人数上突然处于劣势，被迫撤退了。In June 1942, the British 8th Army was in full retreat.1942年6月，英军第8军全线撤退。She retreated from public life.她放弃了社会生活。The president's remarks appear to signal that there will be no retreat from his position.总统的话似乎暗示他不会放弃自己的职位。He spent yesterday hidden away in his country retreat.他躲在乡间的休养地度过了昨天。
reverse  n. 背面；相反；倒退；失败They have made it clear they will not reverse the decision to increase prices.他们已经明确表示不会为了提高价格而转变这一决定。Because the normal word order is reversed in passive sentences, they are sometimes hard to follow.由于正常语序在被动句中被颠倒过来了，所以有时很难理解。He reversed the position of the two stamps.他调换了两张邮票的位置。He lurched the car in reverse along the ruts to the access road.他沿着车辙颠簸着倒行到通行道。The wrong attitude will have exactly the reverse effect.这种错误的态度会得到恰好相反的结果。He was not at all jolly. Quite the reverse.他一点儿也不高兴。恰恰相反。A chart on the reverse of this letter highlights your savings.这封信背面的图表着重写明了你的存款情况。Amis tells the story in reverse, from the moment the man dies.埃米斯以倒叙方式讲这个故事，从那个男人死去的那一刻开始。
revise  vt. 修正；复习；校订With time he came to revise his opinion of the profession.随着时间的推移，他开始修正自己对这一职业的看法。They realized that some of their prices were higher than their competitors' and revised prices accordingly.他们意识到他们的部分价格比竞争对手的高，就相应地调整了价格。Three editors handled the work of revising the articles for publication.3名编辑负责对要出版的文章进行修订的工作。Revising for exams gives you a chance to bring together all the individual parts of the course.考前复习给你一个把课程各独立部分融会贯通的机会。Review all the notes you need to cover for each course.复习所有你需要涵盖的每门课的笔记。
saturate  vt. 浸透，使湿透；使饱和，使充满In the last days before the vote, both sides are saturating the airwaves.在投票前的最后几天，双方的宣传充斥着各个广播频道。If the filter has been saturated with motor oil, it should be discarded and replaced.如果过滤器已被机油浸透，就应该丢掉并更换一个。
scope  n. 范围；余地；视野；眼界；导弹射程He believed in giving his staff scope for initiative.他赞成给他的员工主动的机会。Mr. Dobson promised to widen the organization's scope of activity.多布森先生答应扩大该组织的活动范围。
secondary  adj. 第二的；中等的；次要的；中级的The street erupted in a huge explosion, with secondary explosions in the adjoining buildings.街上突然发生了一次巨大爆炸，相邻的建筑物里伴随有一些次级爆炸。They argue that human rights considerations are now of only secondary importance.他们争辩说人权考虑现在只是次要的。These patients had been operated on for the primary cancer but there was evidence of secondary tumours.这些病人曾因原发性癌症做过手术，但是又有了继发性肿瘤迹象。Examinations are taken after about five years of secondary education.经过约五年的中等教育后参加考试。
segregate  vt. 使隔离；使分离；在…实行种族隔离A large detachment of police was used to segregate the two rival camps of protesters.一大队分遣警察被派来隔离两群敌对的抗议者。
sensation  n. 感觉；轰动；感动Floating can be a very pleasant sensation.漂浮会给人一种非常愉快的感觉。The pain was so bad that she lost all sensation.疼得太厉害了，她完全失去了感觉能力。It's a funny sensation to know someone's talking about you in a language you don't understand.知道有人正用一种你不懂的语言谈论你，这种感觉真奇怪。...the film that turned her into an overnight sensation.…让她一夜成名的影片。She was just 14 when she caused a sensation at the Montreal Olympics.她在蒙特利尔奥运会上引起轰动时，年仅14岁。
sensible  adj. 明智的; 通情达理的; 合乎情理的; 意识到的，能感觉到的;It might be sensible to get a lawyer.找个律师可能会是明智的。The sensible thing is to leave them alone.明智的做法是不理他们。He sensibly decided to lie low for a while.他明智地决定先躲避一段时间。She was a sensible girl and did not panic.她是个理智的女孩子，并没有惊慌失措。Oh come on, let's be sensible about this.哦，得了吧，关于这事我们还是理智一点吧。Wear loose clothing and sensible footwear.穿宽松的衣服和实用耐穿的鞋子。They were not sensibly dressed.他们穿得不实用。
sensitive  adj. 敏感的；感觉的；[仪] 灵敏的；感光的；易受伤害的；易受影响的The classroom teacher must be sensitive to a child's needs.课堂教师必须理解孩子的需求。The abuse of women needs to be treated seriously and sensitively.虐待妇女的问题需要严肃、小心地对待。Young people are very sensitive about their appearance.年轻人对自己的外貌很敏感。...people who suffer extreme sensitivity about what others think.…对别人的看法极为敏感的人。Employment is a very sensitive issue.就业是一个非常敏感的问题。Due to the obvious sensitivity of the issue he would not divulge any details.由于问题带有明显的敏感性，他不肯透露任何细节。He instructed staff to shred sensitive documents.他指示员工用碎纸机粉碎机密文件。...a chemical which is sensitive to light.…一种对光敏感的化学品。...the sensitivity of cells damaged by chemotherapy.…被化疗损害了的细胞敏感性。...an extremely sensitive microscope.…一台极为灵敏的显微镜。...the sensitivity of the detector.…该探测器的灵敏度。
shield  n. 盾；防护物；保护者He used his left hand as a shield against the reflecting sunlight.他用左手遮挡反射过来的阳光。He shielded his head from the sun with an old sack.他用一个旧袋子遮住头来防晒。He squinted and shielded his eyes.他眯着眼并遮住眼睛。He clanged his sword three times on his shield.他用他的剑当当当地敲了3下盾。
shrink  n. 收缩；畏缩；精神病学家People were short in those days – or else those military uniforms all shrank in the wash!那个年代人们很矮–要么就是那些军装在洗涤时全都缩水了！The vast forests of West Africa have shrunk.西非那片广袤的森林已经缩小了。One child shrinks away from me when I try to talk to him.我试着和这个孩子说话时，他避开了我。He is decisive and won't shrink from a fight.他很果断，而且不会逃避战斗。I've seen a shrink already.我已经看过了精神病医生。
shuttle  n. 航天飞机；穿梭；梭子；穿梭班机、公共汽车等There is a free 24-hour shuttle between the airport terminals.在机场的各航空站之间有24小时的免费穿梭巴士。He and colleagues have shuttled back and forth between the three capitals.他和同事们一直来回往返于3个首都之间。
signify  vt. 表示；意味；预示These were not the only changes that signified the end of boyhood.这些不是表示男孩时代已结束的惟一变化。Two jurors signified their dissent.两个陪审员表达了他们的异议。
simulate  vt. 模仿；假装；冒充They rolled about on the Gilligan Road, simulating a bloodthirsty fight.他们在吉利根路上打滚，模拟一场血腥的战斗。The scientist developed one model to simulate a full year of the globe's climate.这位科学家研制出一个模型，能模拟全年地球的气候。
simultaneous  adj. 同时的；联立的；同时发生的...the simultaneous release of the book and the CD.…书与激光唱片的同时发行。The two guns fired almost simultaneously.两支枪几乎同时开火。
sketch  n. 素描；略图；梗概...a sketch of a soldier by Orpen.…一幅奥彭画的一位士兵的素描。Clare and David Astor are sketching a view of far Spanish hills.克莱尔和大卫·阿斯特正在素描远处西班牙山峦景色。...thumbnail sketches of heads of state and political figures.…国家首脑和政治要员们的简要陈述。Cross sketched the story briefly, telling the facts just as they had happened.克罗斯简要地概述了这个事件，如实地讲述了所发生的事情。He sketched out plans to give consumers more affordable choices.他简述了几个计划，以给顾客提供更多符合其购买力的选择。...a five-minute sketch about a folk singer.…一出有关一位民间歌手的5分钟幽默短剧。
skim  vt. 略读；撇去…的浮物；从…表面飞掠而过；去除；（为逃税而）隐瞒（部分收入）Rough seas today prevented specially equipped ships from skimming oil off the water's surface.今天汹涌的海浪使特别装备的船只无法撇去浮在水面上的石油。...seagulls skimming the waves.…掠过海浪的海鸥。He skimmed the pages quickly, then read them again more carefully.他很快浏览了几页，然后又仔细地读了一遍。
skip  vi. 跳跃；跳绳；遗漏；跳读They saw the man with a little girl skipping along behind him.他们看到那个男人身后跟着一个蹦蹦跳跳的小女孩。We went skipping down the street arm in arm.我们挽着臂蹦蹦跳跳地沿大街走着。The boxer gave a little skip as he came out of his corner.那位拳击手轻快地跳出了场角。They skip and play catch, waiting for the bell.他们又是跳绳又是玩捉迷藏，等着铃声响。We did rope skipping and things like that.我们跳绳或做类似的活动。It is important not to skip meals.重要的是，不能不吃饭。You might want to skip the exercises in this chapter.你可能想把这一章的练习跳过去。She kept up a continuous chatter, skipping from one subject to the next.她叽叽咕咕地说个不停，从一个话题跳到另一个话题。
slack  adj. 松弛的；疏忽的；不流畅的The boy's jaw went slack.那个男孩的下巴掉下来了。The workload can be evened out, instead of the shop having busy times and slack periods.工作量可以均衡分配，商店就不会有旺季和淡季。Many publishers have simply become far too slack.许多出版商简直变得过于松松垮垮。He had never let a foreman see him slacking.他从未让工头见到他偷懒过。If someone slacks off, Bill comes down hard.如果有人偷懒，比尔就会严厉训斥。take in the slack
slash  vt. 猛砍；鞭打；严厉批评；大幅度裁减或削减He came within two minutes of bleeding to death after slashing his wrists.他割腕后不到两分钟就失血而死。Make deep slashes in the meat and push in the spice paste.把肉剁透，然后挤入调料酱。He slashed at her, aiming carefully.他瞄得准准的，朝她挥砍过去。Car makers could be forced to slash prices.汽车制造商可能会被迫大幅度降价。
slip  vi. 滑动；滑倒；犯错；失足；减退He had slipped on an icy pavement.他在结冰的人行道上滑倒了。His glasses had slipped.他的眼镜滑落了。Amy slipped downstairs and out of the house.埃米悄悄地下楼，溜出了屋子。I slipped a note under Louise's door.我悄悄地把一张字条塞到了路易丝的门下。He found a coin in his pocket and slipped it into her hand.他在口袋里找到一枚硬币，把它悄悄塞进她的手里。Robert had slipped her a note in school.罗伯特上学时偷偷地塞给了她一张字条。It amazed him how easily one could slip into a routine.一个人如此容易就能陷入俗套，这使他感到吃惊。Shares slipped to $1.17.股票下跌至$1.17。In June, producer prices slipped 0.1% from May.六月份，生产商的价格从五月份下降了0.1%。...a slip in consumer confidence.…消费者信心的一次下降。She slipped out of the jacket and tossed it on the couch.她快速脱下了那件上衣，把它丢在沙发上。We must be well prepared, there must be no slips.我们必须好好准备，一定不要有差错。...little slips of paper he had torn from a notebook.…他从笔记本上撕下的几张小纸片。I put her name on the slip.我把她的名字写在那张纸条上。I bet he let slip that I'd gone to America.我确信他无意中说出了我已去了美国。The reason for my visit had obviously slipped his mind.我到访的原因显然被他忘了。
sole  n. 鞋底；脚底；基础；鳎目鱼Their sole aim is to destabilize the Indian government.他们的惟一目的是要动摇印度政府的统治。Many women are left as the sole providers in families after their husband has died.许多妇女在其丈夫死后成为家庭的惟一扶养人。...shoes with rubber soles.…橡胶底的鞋子。
sole  n. 鞋底；脚底；基础；鳎目鱼Their sole aim is to destabilize the Indian government.他们的惟一目的是要动摇印度政府的统治。Many women are left as the sole providers in families after their husband has died.许多妇女在其丈夫死后成为家庭的惟一扶养人。...shoes with rubber soles.…橡胶底的鞋子。
solitary  adj. 孤独的；独居的Paul was a shy, pleasant, solitary man.保罗是个腼腆的、讨人喜欢的、惯于独处的人。His evenings were spent in solitary drinking.他的每个夜晚都在独自饮酒中度过。You could see the occasional solitary figure making a study of wildflowers or grasses.你偶尔可以看见那个研究野生花草的孤独身影。
spacious  adj. 宽敞的，广阔的；无边无际的The house has a spacious kitchen and dining area.这座住宅有一个宽敞的厨房和用餐区。
species  n. [生物] 物种；种类Pandas are an endangered species.大熊猫是一种濒危物种。
spoil  vt. 溺爱；糟蹋；破坏；掠夺It's important not to let mistakes spoil your life.重要的是不要让错误毁了你的生活。Grandparents are often tempted to spoil their grandchildren whenever they come to visit.每次祖父母来访，常常禁不住要娇惯孙辈。Spoil yourself with a new perfume this summer.今年夏天买瓶新香水犒劳一下自己吧。We all know that fats spoil by becoming rancid.我们都知道油脂发臭就变坏了。
spur  n. 鼓舞，刺激；马刺；山坡It's the money that spurs these fishermen to risk a long ocean journey in their flimsy boats.是金钱驱使这些渔民驾驶单薄的小船冒险出海远航。Their attitude, rather than reining him back, only seemed to spur Philip on.他们的态度非但没令菲利普回头，似乎只是激励他继续下去。The administration may put more emphasis on spurring economic growth.政府可能会更加重视经济的加快增长。...a belief in competition as a spur to efficiency.…一种认为竞争能促进效率提高的观点。They admitted they had taken a vehicle on the spur of the moment.他们承认一时冲动之下偷了一辆车。
squeeze  vt. 挤；紧握；勒索He squeezed her arm reassuringly.他安慰地捏了捏她的手臂。I liked her way of reassuring you with a squeeze of the hand.我喜欢她捏捏手来安慰人的方式。Joe put the plug in the sink and squeezed some detergent over the dishes.乔把塞子插进水槽，往盘子上挤了些洗洁精。They lowered him gradually into the cockpit. Somehow they squeezed him in the tight space, and strapped him in.他们缓缓地把他向下放入驾驶舱，设法把他塞进那狭小的空间，并给系上了安全带。
stimulus  n. 刺激；激励；刺激物Interest rates could fall soon and be a stimulus to the U.S. economy.利率可能很快会下降，从而刺激美国经济。
strain  n. 张力；拉紧；负担；扭伤；血缘The prison service is already under considerable strain.监狱系统已受到很大的压力。The volume of scheduled flights is straining the air traffic control system.定期航班的数量使空中交通控制系统受到压力。She was tired and under great strain.她疲倦且处于巨大的压力之下。I sometimes find it a strain to be responsible for the mortgage.我有时发现偿还抵押借款是个负担。Place your hands under your buttocks to take some of the strain off your back.把双手放在臀部下面，以减轻一些背部压力。Avoid muscle strain by warming up with slow jogging.通过慢跑热身避免肌肉损伤。He strained his back during a practice session.他在一次练习课上扭伤了背部。I had to strain to hear.我不得不努力地听。Strain the stock and put it back into the pan.滤出原汤，然后把它放回平底锅。Every year new strains of influenza develop.每年都有新的流感类型出现。
stretch  vt. 伸展,张开；（大量地）使用，消耗（金钱，时间）；使竭尽所能；使全力以赴；The procession stretched for several miles.游行队伍延伸了数英里。It's a very dangerous stretch of road.这是一段非常危险的路。He yawned and stretched.他打了个哈欠，伸了伸腰。Try stretching your legs and pulling your toes upwards.试着伸直双腿并向上拉拉脚趾。At the end of a workout spend time cooling down with some slow stretches.在健身的末尾花时间用一些缓慢的伸展来做缓和。...after an 18-month stretch in the army.…在部队呆了18个月后。...a working day that stretches from seven in the morning to eight at night.…从早上7点持续到晚上8点的一个工作日。...a trading empire, with interests that stretched from chemicals to sugar.…一个兴趣范围从化学品到食糖的贸易帝国。The cables are designed not to stretch.这些缆绳被设计成没有弹性。They're used to stretching their budgets.他们习惯于精打细算。The drought there is stretching resources.那里的干旱正在耗尽财力物力。I'm trying to move on and stretch myself with something different.我正试图换个工作，使自己在不同的事情上得到充分发挥。Her husband was not a womanizer by any stretch of the imagination.她的丈夫无论如何想像也不会是个玩弄女性的人。
stun  vt. 使震惊；打昏；给以深刻的印象He's stunned by today's resignation of his longtime ally.他被自己的长期助手今天的辞职所震惊。When they told me she was missing I was totally stunned.当他们告诉我她不见了时，我完全惊呆了。Sam stood his ground and got a blow that stunned him.萨姆不让步，遭到一击，把他打昏了。
subsidiary  adj. 附属的；辅助的WM Financial Services is a subsidiary of Washington Mutual.华盛顿互惠银行金融服务公司是华盛顿互惠银行的子公司。The marketing department has always played a subsidiary role to the sales department.营销部一直都扮演着销售部的辅助角色。
sum  n. 金额；总数Large sums of money were lost.大笔大笔的钱损失了。The sum of all the angles of a triangle is 180 degrees.一个三角形的所有角度之和是180度。To date, the sum of my gardening experience had been futile efforts to rid the flower beds of grass.迄今为止，我全部的园艺经验就是给花圃徒劳地除草。
suppose  vt. 假设；认为；让（虚拟语气）；推想Suppose someone gave you an egg and asked you to describe exactly what was inside.假设某人给你一个蛋并要你准确描述里面的东西。The policy is perfectly clear and I see no reason to suppose that it isn't working.这项政策非常明了，我看不出有何理由认为它行不通。I knew very well that the problem was more complex than he supposed.我很清楚这个问题比他料想的更复杂。I suppose I'd better do some homework.我想我最好做点家庭作业。"Is that the right way up?"—"Yeah. I suppose so."“那是上去的路吗？”— “是的。我想是。”I suppose you think you're funny.我想你认为自己很有趣。I don't suppose you could tell me where James Street is, could you?不知你能不能告诉我詹姆士街在哪儿？Do you suppose he was telling the truth?你认为他在说真话吗？
surge  n. 汹涌；大浪，波涛；汹涌澎湃；巨涌Specialists see various reasons for the recent surge in inflation.专家认为最近通货膨胀加剧有各种原因。The Freedom Party's electoral support surged from just under 10 percent to nearly 17 percent.自由党的选举支持率从只有不到10%剧增到近17%。The photographers and cameramen surged forward.那些摄影和摄像师们涌向前去。The whole car shuddered with an almost frightening surge of power.整辆车因受到一股几乎令人惊骇的冲力而颤动。Thousands of volts surged through his car after he careered into a lamp post, ripping out live wires.当他急速撞向一个灯柱、扯断了通电的电线之后，几千伏的电流涌过他的汽车。
surpass  vt. 超越；胜过，优于；非…所能办到或理解He was determined to surpass the achievements of his older brothers.他决心超过他的几位哥哥的成就。Conrad Black gave an excellent party that surpassed expectations.康拉德·布莱克办了一次远远超出预期的精彩聚会。
tackle  n. 滑车；装备；用具；扭倒The first reason to tackle these problems is to save children's lives.解决这些问题的首要原因是为了挽救孩子们的生命。Foley tackled the quarterback.福利擒住并摔倒了四分卫。...a tackle by fullback Brian Burrows.…后卫布赖恩•伯罗斯的阻截。I tackled him about how anyone could live amidst so much poverty.我坦率地与他谈论哪有人能在如此的极度贫困中生活。Two security guards tackled and apprehended a man suspected of robbing 17 banks.两名保安与一名涉嫌抢劫17家银行的男子搏斗并逮捕了他。...fishing tackle.…渔具。
tempt  vt. 诱惑；引起；冒…的风险；使感兴趣Cars like that may tempt drivers to speed.那样的汽车可能会引诱司机超速行驶。It is the fresh fruit that tempts me at this time of year.只有新鲜的水果才会在每年的这个时候吸引我。...a million dollar marketing campaign to tempt American tourists back to Britain.…旨在诱使美国游客回到英国的、耗资一百万美元的营销活动。Don't let credit tempt you to buy something you can't afford.不要让赊购诱使你去购买你支付不起的东西。
tilt  vi. 倾斜；翘起；以言词或文字抨击She tilted the mirror and began to comb her hair.她把镜子斜放，开始梳头。Leonard tilted his chair back on two legs and stretched his long body.伦纳德把他的椅子向后斜着撑在两条脚上，然后舒展他修长的身躯。Mari tilted her head back so that she could look at him.玛丽把头向后仰了仰，以便能看着他。His wife tilted his head to the side and inspected the wound.他的妻子把他的头侧向一边，然后检查伤口。He opened the rear door for me with an apologetic tilt of his head.他歉疚地歪着头为我打开了后门。...calculations based on our understanding of the tilt of the Earth's axis.…基于我们对地球轴线倾斜度的理解的计算。Political will might finally tilt toward some sort of national health plan.政治意愿可能最终会倾向于某种全民医疗方案。
tolerant  adj. 宽容的；容忍的；有耐药力的They need to be tolerant of different points of view.他们需要容忍不同的观点。...plants which are more tolerant of dry conditions.…更耐干旱的植物。
trace  vi. 追溯；沿路走The exhibition traces the history of graphic design in America from the 19th century to the present.这个展览会追溯了从19世纪到现在美国平面设计的历史。...Bronx residents who trace their families back to Dutch settlers.…将自己的家族追溯到荷兰移民者们的布朗克斯居民。Police are anxious to trace two men seen leaving the house just before 8am.警察急切想找到在接近早晨8点前被人看到离开那幢房子的两名男子。I traced the course of the river on the map spread out on my briefcase.我在自己公文包上铺展开的地图中勾画出了这条河的流向。She learned to draw by tracing pictures out of old storybooks.她通过描摹旧故事书上的图画来学绘画。Wash them in cold water to remove all traces of sand.用冷水清洗它们以清除所有的沙子。One day he left, disappeared without a trace.有一天他离开了，消失得无影无踪。
transcend  vt. 胜过，超越...issues like disaster relief that transcend party loyalty.…诸如超越党派忠诚的灾后救济的问题。
transient  adj. 短暂的；路过的...the transient nature of high fashion.…最新时尚转瞬即逝的特点。...a dormitory for transients.…一个流动人员的宿舍。
transit  n. 运输；经过During their talks, the two presidents discussed the transit of goods between the two countries.在会谈中，两位总统讨论了两国之间货物的运输。...a transit time of about 42 minutes.…大约42分钟的运输时间。...refugees arriving at the two transit camps.…到达两个中转难民营的难民。
transmit  vt. 传输；传播；发射；传达；遗传The game was transmitted live.这场比赛被现场直播。This is currently the most efficient way to transmit certain types of data like electronic mail.这是目前传输电子邮件等某类数据最有效的方法。...mosquitoes that transmit disease to humans.…向人类传播疾病的蚊子。These thin crystals transmit much of the power.这些薄薄的晶体能传导大部分的能量。
ultimate  adj. 最终的；极限的；根本的He said it is still not possible to predict the ultimate outcome.他说现在还不可能预测最终的结果。Plants are the ultimate source of all foodstuffs.植物是所有食物的最终来源。My experience as player, coach and manager has prepared me for this ultimate challenge.我做球员、教练和经理人的经历已经使我为这终极挑战作好了准备。Bringing back the death penalty would be the ultimate abuse of human rights.恢复死刑将是对人权最极端恶劣的践踏。Treachery was the ultimate sin.背叛曾是弥天大罪。Experience the ultimate adventure!去体验最有刺激的冒险吧！Ballet is the ultimate in human movement.芭蕾舞是人类动作的至美。This hotel is the ultimate in luxury.这家酒店为豪华之典范。
underlying  adj. 潜在的；根本的；在下面的；优先的To stop a problem you have to understand its underlying causes.要解决问题，你得了解其潜在原因。...hills with the hard underlying rock poking through the turf.…从被草覆盖的地面下突出来的坚硬岩石的山峦。
unify  vt. 统一；使相同，使一致He pledged to unify the city's political factions.他保证要统一全市的政治小集团。...constitutional reforms designed to unify the country.…旨在统一国家的宪法改革。...a unified system of taxation.…统一的税制。
unveil  vt. 使公之于众，揭开；揭幕...a ceremony to unveil a monument to the victims.…死难者纪念碑揭幕仪式。Mr. Werner unveiled his new strategy this week.沃纳先生本周公布了他的新策略。
urban  adj. 城市的；住在都市的For a small state it has a large urban population.作为一个小州，其城市人口算是很多了。Most urban areas are close to a park.大多数城区都靠近公园。
urge  vt. 力劝，催促；驱策，推进They urged Congress to approve plans for their reform programme.他们敦促国会批准他们有关改革项目的计划。He slipped his arm around her waist and urged her away from the window.他悄悄用一只手臂揽住她的腰，劝她离开了窗口。He urged restraint on the security forces.他竭力主张限制安全部队。He had an urge to open a shop of his own.他很想开一家自己的商店。
utmost  n. 极限；最大可能It is a matter of the utmost urgency to find out what has happened to these people.当务之急是弄清楚这些人出了什么事。Security matters are treated with the utmost seriousness.安全问题受到极为严肃的对待。He would have done his utmost to help her.他本来会尽最大努力帮助她。
utter  vt. 发出，表达；发射He uttered a snorting laugh.他扑哧一声笑了。This, of course, is utter nonsense.这当然纯属胡言乱语。...this utter lack of responsibility.…如此彻底地缺乏责任心。
vary  vi. 变化；变异；违反As they're handmade, each one varies slightly.由于它们是手工制作的，每一件都会略有不同。The text varies from the earlier versions.这一文本有别于那些早期的版本。The cost of the alcohol duty varies according to the amount of wine in the bottle.这项酒税的额度根据瓶中酒量的不同而变化。
verge  vi. 濒临，接近；处在边缘The country was on the verge of becoming prosperous and successful.这个国家即将变得繁荣昌盛。to verge on chaos
version  n. 版本；译文；倒转术...an updated version of his bestselling book.…他这本畅销书的一个最新版本。Ludo is a version of an ancient Indian racing game.“鲁多游戏”是一种古代印度竞赛游戏的变体。Some former hostages contradicted the official version of events.一些以前的人质反驳了官方对这些事件的说法。
vessel  n. 船，舰；[组织] 脉管，血管；容器，器皿...a New Zealand navy vessel.…一艘新西兰海军舰艇。
volume  n. 量；体积；卷；音量；大量；册Senior officials will be discussing how the volume of sales might be reduced.高级官员们将讨论如何才能减少销售量。When egg whites are beaten they can rise to seven or eight times their original volume.打过的蛋清，体积可以涨到原来的七八倍。...the first volume of his autobiography.…他自传的第一卷。...bound volumes of the magazine.…杂志的合订本。He turned down the volume.他调低了音量。What you wear speaks volumes about you.你的穿戴能充分表明你的方方面面。
voluntary  adj. 自愿的；志愿的；自发的；故意的Attention is drawn to a special voluntary course in Commercial French.注意力被吸引到一门特别的商务法语选修课上。I would never leave here voluntarily.我永远不会自愿地离开这里。In her spare time she does voluntary work.她在业余时间做义工。Some voluntary organizations run workshops for disabled people.一些志愿组织为残障人士开办讲习班。
vow  n. 发誓；誓言；许愿While many models vow to go back to college, few do.很多模特儿发誓要重返大学，但几乎无人做到。I solemnly vowed that someday I would return to live in Europe.我郑重起誓总有一天我要重回欧洲生活。I made a silent vow to be more careful in the future.我默默发誓今后要更加小心。I took my marriage vows and kept them.我结婚时立下了誓言而且一直信守诺言。
vulnerable  adj. 易受攻击的，易受…的攻击；易受伤害的；有弱点的Old people are particularly vulnerable members of our society.老人是我们社会中特别容易受到伤害的成员。David accepts his own vulnerability.戴维承认自己的脆弱。People with high blood pressure are especially vulnerable to diabetes.血压高的人尤其容易患糖尿病。Taking long-term courses of certain medicines may increase vulnerability to infection.长期服用某些药物可能会增加受感染的几率。Their tanks would be vulnerable to attack from the air.他们的坦克将易受空袭。...anxieties about the country's vulnerability to invasion.…对国家易受侵略的忧虑。
whereas  conj. 然而；鉴于；反之Benefits are linked to inflation, whereas they should be linked to the cost of living.救济金与通货膨胀联系了起来，而它们应该与生活费用挂钩。
withdraw  vt. 撤退；收回；撤消；拉开He reached into his pocket and withdrew a sheet of notepaper.他把手伸进口袋，拿出一张便签。He stated that all foreign forces would withdraw as soon as the crisis ended.他声明危机一结束所有外国军队就会撤退。The United States has announced it is to withdraw forty-thousand troops from Western Europe in the next year.美国已经宣布第2年将从西欧撤回4万军队。Open a savings account that does not charge ridiculous fees to withdraw money.开立一个取钱时不荒唐地收取费用的储蓄账户。The African National Congress threatened to withdraw from the talks.非洲国民大会威胁要从会谈中退出。
abnormal  adj. 反常的，不规则的；变态的...abnormal heart rhythms and high anxiety levels.…异常的心律和高度焦虑。...abnormally high levels of glucose.…异常高的葡萄糖指标。
abort  vi. 流产；堕胎；夭折；发育不全Her lover walked out on her after she had aborted their child.在她打掉了他们的孩子之后，她的情人离开了她。When the decision was made to abort the mission, there was great confusion.中途放弃这次任务的决定引起了严重混乱。
abundance  n. 充裕，丰富This area of Mexico has an abundance of safe beaches and a pleasing climate.墨西哥的这个地区有大量的安全沙滩与宜人的气候。
academy  n. 学院；研究院；学会；专科院校He is an English teacher at the Seattle Academy for Arts and Sciences.他是西雅图文理学院的一名英语老师。...the American Academy of Psychotherapists.…美国心理治疗师学会。
accompany  vt. 陪伴，伴随；伴奏Ken agreed to accompany me on a trip to Africa.肯同意陪我去非洲旅行。She was accompanied by her younger brother.她由她的弟弟陪着。This volume of essays was designed to accompany an exhibition in Seattle.这部论文集是为配合西雅图的展览设计的。On Meredith's new recording, Eddie Higgins accompanies her on all but one song.在梅瑞迪斯的新唱片中，艾迪·希金斯为她伴奏了除一首歌以外的所有歌曲。
accordance  n. 一致；和谐Entries which are illegible or otherwise not in accordance with the rules will be disqualified.难以辨认的或不符合这些规定的参赛作品将被取消资格。
accuse  vt. 控告，指控；谴责；归咎于My mom was really upset because he was accusing her of having an affair with another man.我妈妈真的很难过，因为他指责她和另一个男人有暧昧关系。Her assistant was accused of theft and fraud by the police.她的助手被警方指控偷窃和诈骗。He faced a total of seven charges, all accusing him of lying in his testimony.他面临共7项控告，都指控他作伪证。The candidate stands accused of breaking promises even before he's in office.这位候选人甚至在他就职前就因违背诺言而被谴责。
acquaint  vt. 使熟悉；使认识Have steps been taken to acquaint breeders with their right to apply for licenses?已经采取措施让饲养动物者了解他们申请执照的权利了吗？
activate  vt. 刺激；使活动；使活泼；使产生放射性Video cameras with night vision can be activated by movement.有夜视功能的摄像机能被物体的活动激活。
administer  vt. 管理；执行；给予The plan calls for the UN to administer the country until elections can be held.该计划呼吁联合国监管该国直至选举可以举行。The physician may prescribe but not administer the drug.内科医师可以开处方但不可发药。
advanced  adj. 先进的；高级的；晚期的；年老的...a superpower equipped with the most advanced military technology in the world.…一个拥有世界上最先进的军事技术的超级大国。Agricultural productivity remained low by comparison with advanced countries like the United States.与美国等发达国家相比，农业生产率仍很低。The course is suitable for beginners and advanced students.该课程适合初学者和高阶学生。Medicare is available to victims of advanced kidney disease.晚期肾病患者可获得医疗保障。
advisable  adj. 明智的，可取的，适当的Because of the popularity of the region, it is advisable to book hotels or camp sites in advance.鉴于该地区的受欢迎度，事先预订旅馆或露营地是可取的。
affection  n. 喜爱，感情；影响；感染She thought of him with affection.她怀着喜爱想起了他。Caroline is the object of his affections.卡罗琳是他感情的归属。
affiliate  n. 联号；隶属的机构等The World Chess Federation has affiliates in around 120 countries.世界象棋联盟在大约一百二十个国家内设有分支机构。He wanted to affiliate with a U.S. firm because he needed expert advice in legal affairs.他想成为一家美国公司的会员，因为他需要法律事务方面的专家意见。
afflict  vt. 折磨；使痛苦；使苦恼Italy has been afflicted by political corruption for decades.意大利受政治腐败困扰已数十年了。There are two main problems which afflict people with hearing impairments.有两大问题困扰有听觉障碍的人。
aggravate  vt. 加重；使恶化；激怒Stress and lack of sleep can aggravate the situation.紧张和缺少睡眠会使情况恶化。What aggravates you most about this country?这个国家最让你恼火的是什么？You don't realize how aggravating you can be.你没意识到你有多烦人。
aid  n. 援助；帮助；助手；帮助者...regular flights carrying humanitarian aid to Cambodia.…向柬埔寨运送人道主义援助的定期班机。They have already pledged billions of dollars in aid.他们已经承诺了数十亿美元的援助。He succeeded with the aid of a completely new method he discovered.借助于一个他所发现的全新方法，他取得了成功。...U.S. efforts to aid Kurdish refugees.…美国援助库尔德难民的努力。...government-aided research.…政府援助的研究。...a software system to aid managers in advanced decision-making.…一个帮助经理们做高级决策的软件系统。He was forced to turn for aid to his former enemy.他被迫向他以前的敌人寻求帮助。The survey suggests that the export sector will continue to aid the economic recovery.该调查表明出口产业将继续促进经济复苏。Calcium may aid in the prevention of colon cancer.钙可能有助于预防结肠癌。The book is an invaluable aid to teachers of literature.这本书对文学教师是一个非常有用的辅助工具。Dr. Fox went to the aid of the dying man despite having been injured in the crash.尽管他自己在撞车事故中也受了伤，福克斯医生仍然去救助那个奄奄一息的男子。
allergic  adj. 对…过敏的；对…极讨厌的I'm allergic to cats.我对猫过敏。Soy milk can cause allergic reactions in some children.豆奶会导致有些儿童起过敏反应。
allocate  vt. 分配；拨出；使坐落于Tickets are limited and will be allocated to those who apply first.票数有限，将分配给那些先申请的人。The 1985 federal budget allocated $7.3 billion for development programmes.1985年联邦预算拨了73亿美元用于开发项目。
allowance  n. 津贴，零用钱；允许；限额She gets an allowance for taking care of Amy.她照顾艾米是有津贴的。Most of our flights have a baggage allowance of 44 lbs per passenger.我们大多数航班的行李限量是每位乘客44磅。Changes for this year include an increase in the tax allowance.今年的变化是免税额的增加。Income taxes skyrocketed and tax allowances were lowered.所得税急剧上升而免税额却下降了。They'll make allowances for the fact it's affecting our performance.他们会将影响我们表现的因素考虑进去的。She tried to make allowances for his age.她已经尽力考虑到他的年龄了。He's tired so I'll make allowances for him.他累了，所以我会体谅他的。
ally  n. 同盟国；伙伴；同盟者；助手Washington would not take such a step without its allies' approval.没有其同盟国的赞同，华盛顿不会迈出这样的一步。He is a close ally of the president.他是总统的一位亲密盟友。...Germany's surrender to the Allies.…德国向同盟国的投降。He will have no choice but to ally himself with the new movement.他将别无选择，只能与这个新运动结盟。
alternate  vi. 交替；轮流Her aggressive moods alternated with gentle or more cooperative states.她的挑衅情绪与温和或更为合作的情绪互相交替。Now you just alternate layers of that mixture and eggplant.现在你只用把那种混合物与茄子一层层交叠起来。They were streaked with alternate bands of colour.他们都带有色彩交替相间的条纹。He could alternately bully and charm people.他能时而欺负人，时而吸引人。Lesley had agreed to Jim going skiing in alternate years.莱斯丽已经同意了吉姆隔年去滑雪。His group was forced to turn back and take an alternate route.他的小组被迫返回并采用了替代路线。In most jurisdictions, twelve jurors and two alternates are chosen.在大多数审判中，12名陪审员和2名替补人员会被选出。
alternative  adj. 供选择的；选择性的；交替的New ways to treat arthritis may provide an alternative to painkillers.治疗关节炎的新方法可能会提供一种止痛药的替代品。There were alternative methods of travel available.有另外的旅行方式可采用。...unconventional parents who embraced the alternative lifestyle of the Sixties.…信奉60年代另类生活方式的与众不同的家长们。...alternative health care.…替代性保健。
ample  adj. 丰富的；足够的；宽敞的There'll be ample opportunity to relax, swim and soak up some sun.将会有充足的机会来放松、游泳和接受一些阳光。This collection of his essays and journalism amply demonstrates his commitment to democracy.他的这部散文和新闻报道集充分地证明了他对民主的奉献。
analyze  vt. 对…进行分析，分解（等于analyse）
anniversary  n. 周年纪念日Vietnam is celebrating the one hundredth anniversary of the birth of Ho Chi Minh.越南正在庆祝胡志明的百年诞辰。
anonymous  adj. 匿名的，无名的；无个性特征的You can remain anonymous if you wish.如果你愿意你可以保持匿名。An anonymous benefactor stepped in to provide the prize money.一位匿名捐助人参与进来提供了奖金。Both mother and daughter, who have requested anonymity, are doing fine.要求匿名的母女情况都好。Of course, that would have to be by anonymous vote.当然，那得是通过不记名投票。He claims many more people would support him in the anonymity of a voting booth.他声称在投票站不记名的情况下更多的人会支持他。
apartment  n. 公寓；房间Christina has her own apartment, with her own car.克里斯蒂娜有她自己的公寓，有自己的车。
arrest  vt. 逮捕；阻止；吸引Police arrested five young men in connection with one of the attacks.警方逮捕了与其中一起袭击事件有关的5名年轻男子。...a substantial reward for information leading to the arrest of the bombers.…用于奖励为抓捕爆炸犯提供有效信息的一大笔赏金。Police chased the fleeing terrorists and later made two arrests.警方追赶逃窜的恐怖分子，后来逮捕了两个人。The sufferer may have to make major changes in his or her life to arrest the disease.患者可能得对自身生活作大的调整以抑制病情。
artificial  adj. 人造的；仿造的；虚伪的；非原产地的；武断的The city is dotted with small lakes, natural and artificial.这座城市满是天然和人造的小湖泊。...a wholefood diet free from artificial additives, colours and flavours.…一种无人造添加剂、色素及味素的全天然食物饮食。...artificially sweetened lemonade.…人工加了糖的柠檬汽水。Even in the artificial environment of an office, our body rhythms continue to affect us.即便在办公室的人为环境中，我们的身体节律继续影响我们。...state subsidies that have kept retail prices artificially low.…人为地将零售价格保持在低水平的国家补贴。
assault  n. 攻击；袭击The rebels are poised for a new assault on the government garrisons.叛乱分子作好了对政府卫戍部队的新一轮猛攻的准备。The attack is one of a series of savage sexual assaults on women in the university area.这次袭击是一系列在大学区对女性的野蛮性侵犯之一。The gang assaulted him with iron bars.该团伙用铁棒袭击了他。
assemble  vt. 集合，聚集；装配；收集There wasn't even a convenient place for students to assemble between classes.甚至没有一个学生们课间集合的方便的地方。Greenpeace managed to assemble a small flotilla of inflatable boats to waylay the ship at sea.绿色和平组织设法聚集了一支充气艇小舰队去拦截海上的那艘船。
assign  vt. 分配；指派；[计][数] 赋值When I taught, I would assign a topic to children that they would write about.教书时，我会给孩子们布置个写作题。Later in the year, she'll assign them research papers.今年晚些时候，她将给他们布置论文。The selling broker is then required to assign a portion of the commission to the buyer broker.卖方经纪人则被要求分给买方经纪人一部分佣金。I was assigned to Troop A of the 10th Cavalry.我被分派到了第10装甲部队的A大队。Did you choose Russia or were you simply assigned there?你选择了俄罗斯还是只是被派到了那里？Under the system, each business must assign a value to each job.在这种制度下，每家企业必须赋予每份工作某种价值。
assure  vt. 保证；担保；使确信；弄清楚He hastened to assure me that there was nothing traumatic to report.他急忙向我保证没有任何不快的事要报告。"Are you sure the raft is safe?" she asked anxiously. "Couldn't be safer," Max assured her confidently.“你确定这筏子安全吗？”她不安地问。“再安全不过了，”马克斯自信地向她保证。His performance yesterday morning assured him of a record eighth medal.他昨天上午的成绩确保了他得到创纪录的第8枚奖牌。I can assure you that the animals are well cared for.我可以向你保证这些动物都被照看得很好。
authorize  vt. 批准，认可；授权给；委托代替It would certainly be within his power to authorize a police raid like that.他肯定有权批准那种警方突袭行动。The United Nations will approve his request for authorization to use military force to deliver aid.联合国将同意他的请求，批准他动用军队来运送救援物资。
avert  vt. 避免，防止；转移Talks with the teachers' union over the weekend have averted a strike.周末与教师工会的会谈避免了一次罢工。He avoids any eye contact, quickly averting his gaze when anyone approaches.他避免任何目光接触，任何人接近他时，他都会迅速转移视线。
bachelor  n. 学士；单身汉；（尚未交配的）小雄兽...America's most eligible bachelor.…美国最适合做夫婿的单身汉。
bankrupt  adj. 破产的If the firm cannot sell its products, it will go bankrupt.如果这家公司无法销售其产品，它将面临破产。The move to the market nearly bankrupted the firm and its director.走向市场的行动几乎使这家公司及其董事破产。In total, 80% of bankrupts are men.总体来看，有80%的破产者为男性。He really thinks that European civilization is morally bankrupt.他确实认为欧洲文明在道德上全无价值。
barrel  vt. 把……装入桶内The wine is aged for almost a year in oak barrels.这葡萄酒在橡木桶里陈了将近一年。In 1989, Kuwait was exporting 1.5 million barrels of oil a day.1989年，科威特每天出口150万桶石油。He pushed the barrel of the gun into the other man's open mouth.他把枪管插入另一个人张开着的嘴里。The car was barrelling down the street at a crazy speed.汽车沿着街道发疯一般地高速行驶。They received a verbal offer to buy the company lock, stock and barrel.他们收到全盘收购公司的口头承诺。
battery  n. [电] 电池，蓄电池The shavers come complete with batteries.这些电动剃须刀带有电池。...a battery-operated cassette player.…用电池的磁带放音机。...a car with a dead battery.…一辆蓄电池没电了的汽车。Lawrence punched a man in a Los Angeles nightclub and was charged with battery.劳伦斯在洛杉矶的一家夜总会里打了人，结果被指控犯了殴打罪。They stopped beside a battery of abandoned guns.他们停在一排废弃的大炮旁。...a battery of journalists and television cameras.…一大群记者和电视摄像机。
bleed  vt. 使出血；榨取His head had struck the sink and was bleeding.他的头撞到了洗脸池上，正在流血。He was bleeding profusely.他正大量流血。This results in internal bleeding.这导致内部出血。The colouring pigments from the skins are not allowed to bleed into the grape juice.这些果皮的色素不允许掺混进葡萄汁中。We have been gradually bled for twelve years.12年来，我们被逐渐榨尽了钱财。
bloom  n. 花；青春；旺盛The sweet fragrance of the white blooms makes this climber a favourite.白色花朵散发出的甜香使这株藤蔓成了宠儿。...a pink climbing rose in full bloom.…一朵盛开的粉色攀缘玫瑰。This plant blooms between May and June.这种植物在五六月间开花。Not many economies bloomed in 1990, least of all gold exporters like Australia.没有几个国家的经济在1990年蓬勃发展，尤其是像澳大利亚这样的金矿出口国。The skin loses its youthful bloom.皮肤失去了年轻时的红润。
bolt  n. 螺栓，螺钉；闪电，雷电；门闩；弩箭;（布的）一匹，一卷The safety belt is easy to fit as there's no need to bolt it to seat belt anchorage points.这种安全带很容易安装，因为不需要把它拴在安全带固定点上。Bolt the components together.把所有的部件栓接起来。I heard the sound of a bolt being slowly and reluctantly slid open.我听到门闩被人缓慢而费劲地抽出来的声音。He reminded her that he would have to lock and bolt the kitchen door after her.他提醒她，他得在她离开后锁上厨房的门并插上门闩。The pig rose squealing and bolted.那头猪尖叫着站起来，飞快地跑开了。Being under stress can cause you to miss meals, eat on the move, or bolt your food.压力之下会造成错过进餐、边做事边吃、或者吞吃食物。I like to think back to high school, when I could bolt down three or four burgers and a pile of French fries.我喜欢回想高中时，那时我可以一气吞下三四个汉堡和一大堆炸薯条。Suddenly a bolt of lightning crackled through the sky.突然，一道闪电划破天空。When I pushed his door open, Trevor was sitting bolt upright in bed.我推开他的门时，发现特雷弗正笔直地坐在床上。
bore  vi. 钻孔Dickie bored him all through the meal with stories of the navy.迪基整整一顿饭都在讲海军的故事，让他厌烦。Monuments and museums bore him to tears.纪念碑和博物馆让他厌烦透了。There is every reason why I shouldn't enjoy his company – he's a bore and a fool.我有充分的理由不和他在一起–他是个无聊的家伙，一个傻瓜。It's a bore to be sick, and the novelty of lying in bed all day wears off quickly.生病是件无趣的事，整天躺在床上的新鲜感很快就没了。Get the special drill bit to bore the correct size hole for the job.找个特殊的钻头，钻个尺寸合适的孔。
bound  adj. 有义务的；必定的；受约束的；装有封面的There are bound to be price increases next year.明年价格必然会上涨。I'll show it to Benjamin. He's bound to know.我要让本杰明瞧瞧，他该知道。to deliver bound booksWe are as tightly bound to the people we dislike as to the people we love.我们与我们喜欢的以及不喜欢的人都一样密切相关。The ship was bound for Italy.这艘船是开往意大利的。...a Texas-bound oil freighter.…一艘开往得克萨斯州的油轮。Changes in temperature occur slowly and are constrained within relatively tight bounds.温度变化得很慢，而且被控制在相对严格的范围内。...a forceful personality willing to go beyond the bounds of convention.…想要打破世俗束缚的坚强个性。Kirgizia is bounded by Uzbekistan, Kazakhstan and Tajikistan.吉尔吉斯与乌兹别克斯坦，哈萨克斯坦和塔吉克斯坦相毗邻。...the trees that bounded the parking lot.…停车场周围的树。Our lives are bounded by work, family and television.我们的生活受到工作、家庭及电视的约束。He bounded up the steps and pushed the bell of the door.他跳上了台阶，按了门铃。With one bound Jack was free.纵身一跃，杰克自由了。Shares in the company bounded ahead by almost 3 percent.公司的股份几乎骤升了3%。For the last few days the area has been out of bounds to foreign journalists.过去几天，这个地区禁止外国记者入内。American parents may soon be able to rule violent TV programmes out of bounds.美国父母也许很快就能禁止暴力电视节目的播放。
bound  adj. 有义务的；必定的；受约束的；装有封面的There are bound to be price increases next year.明年价格必然会上涨。I'll show it to Benjamin. He's bound to know.我要让本杰明瞧瞧，他该知道。to deliver bound booksWe are as tightly bound to the people we dislike as to the people we love.我们与我们喜欢的以及不喜欢的人都一样密切相关。The ship was bound for Italy.这艘船是开往意大利的。...a Texas-bound oil freighter.…一艘开往得克萨斯州的油轮。Changes in temperature occur slowly and are constrained within relatively tight bounds.温度变化得很慢，而且被控制在相对严格的范围内。...a forceful personality willing to go beyond the bounds of convention.…想要打破世俗束缚的坚强个性。Kirgizia is bounded by Uzbekistan, Kazakhstan and Tajikistan.吉尔吉斯与乌兹别克斯坦，哈萨克斯坦和塔吉克斯坦相毗邻。...the trees that bounded the parking lot.…停车场周围的树。Our lives are bounded by work, family and television.我们的生活受到工作、家庭及电视的约束。He bounded up the steps and pushed the bell of the door.他跳上了台阶，按了门铃。With one bound Jack was free.纵身一跃，杰克自由了。Shares in the company bounded ahead by almost 3 percent.公司的股份几乎骤升了3%。For the last few days the area has been out of bounds to foreign journalists.过去几天，这个地区禁止外国记者入内。American parents may soon be able to rule violent TV programmes out of bounds.美国父母也许很快就能禁止暴力电视节目的播放。
boundary  n. 边界；范围；分界线The Bow Brook forms the western boundary of the wood.鲍溪成了树林的西边界。The boundaries between history and storytelling are always being blurred and muddled.历史与故事的界限一直模糊不清。
breed  vi. 繁殖；饲养；产生...rare breeds of cattle.…稀有牛种。He lived alone, breeding horses and dogs.他独自生活,养殖马和狗。He used to breed dogs for the police.他过去为警察部门养殖狗。There is potential for selective breeding for better yields.以优产为目的的精选养殖是有潜力的。Frogs will usually breed in any convenient pond.青蛙通常在任何适宜的水塘里繁殖。During the breeding season the birds come ashore.在繁殖期鸟儿们上岸。If they are unemployed it's bound to breed resentment.如果他们失业了,一定会酿成怨恨。
brighten  vi. 明亮；变亮；活跃；快乐高兴Seeing him, she seemed to brighten a little.看见他她似乎高兴点了。He brightened up a bit.他微露喜色。His eyes brightened and he laughed.他眼睛一亮,笑了起来。Tubs planted with flowers brightened the area outside the door.盆里种上了花给门外的那块地增辉了。David spotted the pink silk lampshade in a shop and thought it would brighten up the room.大卫在一家商店发现了这个粉色的丝绸灯罩,他想它会使房间生辉。That does not do much to brighten the prospects of kids in the city.那并没怎么改善城里孩子们的前途。The sky above the ridge of mountains brightened.山脊上方的天空变亮了。By early afternoon the weather had brightened.午后不久,天气已经放晴了。
broaden  vi. 扩大，变阔；变宽，加宽The trails broadened into roads.小径变宽成大路了。We must broaden our appeal.我们必须扩大我们的吸引力。I thought you wanted to broaden your horizons.我以为你想拓宽自己的视野。
buck  n. （美）钱，元；雄鹿；纨绔子弟；年轻的印第安人或黑人That would probably cost you about fifty bucks.那可能会花费你大约五十美元。Why can't you spend a few bucks on a coat?为什么你不能花几美元买件外套呢？The stallion bucked as he fought against the reins holding him tightly in.那匹种马四蹄离地狂跳，试图挣脱紧紧拴住它的缰绳。While other newspapers are losing circulation, we are bucking the trend.其他报纸发行量在下降，而我们却逆势而进。He wants to be the tough rebel who bucks the system.他想成为抗拒体制的强硬叛逆者。David says the responsibility is Mr. Smith's and it's no good trying to pass the buck.大卫说责任应该由史密斯先生承担，试图推诿责任毫无益处。
cabinet  n. 内阁；橱柜；展览艺术品的小陈列室She looked in the medicine cabinet and found some aspirin.她在药橱中翻看了一下，找到几片阿司匹林。The announcement came after a three-hour cabinet meeting.这项公告是在3小时的内阁会议之后发布的。
cable  n. 缆绳；电缆；海底电报The miners rode a conveyance attached to a cable made of braided steel wire.矿工们乘坐连着钢索的缆车。...overhead power cables.…高架电缆。They ran commercials on cable systems across the country.他们在全国范围内的有线电视上做广告。
capacity  n. 能力；容量；资格，地位；生产力Our capacity for giving care, love, and attention is limited.我们给予照顾、爱护和关心的能力是有限的。Her mental capacity and temperament are as remarkable as his.她的智慧和气质与他的同样出众。...containers with a maximum capacity of 200 gallons of water.…最大容量为200加仑水的容器。...the amount of spare capacity in the economy....经济中的过剩产能。Bread factories are working at full capacity.面包厂正在满负荷进行生产。...an aircraft with a bomb-carrying capacity of 1000 pounds.…一架炸弹装载量达1000磅的飞机。Ms. Halliwell visited the Philippines in her capacity as a Special Representative of UNICEF.哈利韦尔女士以联合国儿童基金会特使的身份访问了菲律宾。Each stadium had a seating capacity of about 50,000.每个运动场能容纳大约五万座席。A capacity crowd of 76,000 people was at the stadium for the event.运动场内座无虚席，7.6万人观看了比赛。
capture  vt. 俘获；夺得；捕捉，拍摄,录制The guerrillas shot down one aeroplane and captured the pilot.那些游击队员击落了一架飞机，并俘虏了飞行员。...the final battles which led to the army's capture of the town.…部队夺取该镇的最后几场战斗。Chef Idris Caldora offers an inspired menu that captures the spirit of the Mediterranean.伊德里斯·卡尔多拉厨师的菜单很有创意，充分体现了地中海风情。...the great names of the past who usually capture the historian's attention.…那些常常为史学家所关注的伟人们。The incident was captured on videotape.这一事件被拍摄下来。The images were captured by TV crews filming outside the base.这些镜头被正在基地外拍摄的电视台工作人员捕捉到了。
casualty  n. 意外事故；伤亡人员；急诊室Troops fired on the demonstrators causing many casualties.军队向示威的人群开火，造成不少伤亡。The car industry has been one of the greatest casualties of the recession.汽车工业是经济不景气最大的受害者之一。
characterize  vt. 描绘…的特性；具有…的特征This election campaign has been characterized by violence.这次竞选运动以暴力为特征。Both companies have characterized the relationship as friendly.两家公司都认为彼此的关系是友好的。
childlike  adj. 天真烂漫的；孩子似的His most enduring quality is his childlike innocence.他最持久不变的特质是孩子般的天真无邪。
chorus  n. 合唱队；齐声；歌舞队Caroline sang two verses and the chorus of her song.卡罗琳唱了她歌中的两段主歌及副歌。The chorus was singing "The Ode to Joy."合唱团那时正在唱着《欢乐颂》。...the Hallelujah Chorus.…哈利路亚合唱曲。Students played the lesser parts and sang in the chorus.学生们扮演了一些次要角色，并参加了合唱团的演唱。He decides to sort out her life for her, while a pushy Greek chorus dispenses advice from the sidelines.他决定帮她理顺一下生活，而一位爱管闲事的希腊剧情解说演员则从旁观者的角度发表了建议。...commanding performances from Joe Savino as the chorus and Stephen Brennan as the ghost.…由乔·萨维诺担任剧情解说演员、斯蒂芬·布伦南扮演幽灵的给人深刻印象的演出。The government is defending its economic policies against a growing chorus of criticism.面对日益高涨的齐声批评，政府还在为其经济政策辩护。"Hi," they chorused.“嗨，”他们齐声说道。
cigaret  n. 香烟；纸烟（等于cigarette）
circuit  n. [电子] 电路，回路；巡回；一圈；环道Any attempts to cut through the cabling will break the electrical circuit.任何切断电缆的做法都会使电路中断。It's a common problem, the one I'm asked about most when I'm on the lecture circuit.这是个常见问题，一个在我巡回演讲时人们最常问到的问题。
clash  n. 冲突，不协调；碰撞声，铿锵声A group of 400 demonstrators ripped down the front gate and clashed with police.400名示威者推倒前面的大前门，与警察发生了冲突。Behind the scenes, Parsons clashed with almost everyone on the show.幕后，帕森斯几乎跟每个参与演出的人都产生过矛盾。There have been a number of clashes between police in riot gear and demonstrators.穿防暴服的警察和示威者之间发生过多次冲突。Don't make any policy decisions which clash with official company thinking.不要做与公司官方理念有分歧的任何政策性决定。Inside government, there was a clash of views.政府内部有意见分歧。The red door clashed with the soft, natural tones of the stone walls.这红色的门与柔和自然色调的石墙不协调。
clearance  n. 清除；空隙The U.N. pledged to help supervise the clearance of mines.联合国承诺帮助监督扫雷工作。Thai Airways said the plane had been given clearance to land.泰国航空公司说该飞机已经被授予了着陆的官方许可。
cluster  n. 群；簇；丛；串...clusters of men in formal clothes.…几组身着正装的男人。The passengers clustered together in small groups.乘客们聚集成小群体。
clutch  n. 离合器；控制；手；紧急关头I staggered and had to clutch at a chair for support.我踉跄了几步，不得不抓住一把椅子扶稳。Tony fell into the clutches of an attractive American who introduced him to drugs.托尼落入一个有魅力的美国人的掌控，那人给他介绍毒品。Laura let out the clutch and pulled slowly away down the drive.劳拉松开离合器踏板，慢慢沿着车道把车开走了。
coalition  n. 联合；结合，合并Since June the country has had a coalition government.从6月起，这个国家有了一个联合政府。He had been opposed by a coalition of about 50 civil rights, women's, and Latino organizations.他遭到一个联盟的反对，该联盟由大约五十个民权组织、妇女组织和拉美人组织构成。
cognitive  adj. 认知的，认识的As children grow older, their cognitive processes become sharper.随着孩子们长大，他们的认知过程也变得越来越敏锐了。
coherent  adj. 连贯的，一致的；明了的；清晰的；凝聚性的；互相耦合的；粘在一起的He has failed to work out a coherent strategy for modernizing the service.他无法想出一个连贯的策略来使该服务现代化。The campaign was widely criticized for making tactical mistakes and for a lack of coherence.该运动遭到广泛批评，因其有策略错误且缺乏连贯性。He's so calm when he answers questions in interviews. I wish I could be that coherent.他如此镇定地回答了访谈中的问题。我希望我也能那样有条不紊。This was debated eagerly at first, but with diminishing coherence as the champagne took hold.辩论一开始满热烈的，可是上了香槟后，条理性就降低了。
collaboration  n. 合作；勾结；通敌There is substantial collaboration with neighbouring departments.相邻的几个院系进行了通力合作。...scientific collaborations.…科学协作。He was also a writer of beautiful stories, some of which are collaborations with his fiancée.他也撰写优美的故事，有些是和他的未婚妻合作的成果。...rumours of his collaboration with the occupying forces during the war.…关于他在战争期间与占领军勾结的谣传。
collide  vi. 碰撞；抵触，冲突Two trains collided head-on in Ohio early this morning.两辆列车今天早晨在俄亥俄州迎头相撞。Racing up the stairs, he almost collided with Daisy.他冲上楼梯，几乎与戴西相撞。The aims of the negotiators in New York again seem likely to collide with the aims of the warriors in the field.纽约谈判者的目标看起来可能再次与战场上勇士们的目标相冲突。
collision  n. 碰撞；冲突；（意见，看法）的抵触；（政党等的）倾轧They were on their way to the airport when their van was involved in a collision with a car.他们正往机场赶路的时候，其货车和一辆小汽车相撞了。The play represents the collision of three generations.该剧表现了3代人之间的冲突。
column  n. 纵队，列；专栏；圆柱，柱形物Seven massive columns rise up from a marble floor.七根巨大的圆柱从大理石地面拔地而起。The explosion sent a column of smoke thousands of feet into the air.爆炸造成的烟柱升入几千英尺的高空。There were reports of columns of military vehicles appearing on the streets.有报道称街道上出现了多列军车车队。We had stupidly been looking at the wrong column of figures.我们真笨，一直看错了数字的栏。His name features frequently in the social columns of the tabloid newspapers.他的名字常常显著出现在通俗小报的社会专栏中。
commend  vt. 推荐；称赞；把…委托I commended her for that action.我表扬了她的那次表现。The reports commend her bravery.报告称赞她的英勇。Clare won a commendation for bravery in 1998 after risking his life at the scene of a gas blast.1998年克莱尔因在一次瓦斯爆炸现场甘冒生命危险的勇敢行为而荣获嘉奖。I can commend it to him as a realistic course of action.我可以把它作为一套现实的行动方案推荐给他。
committee  n. 委员会...the school yearbook committee.…学校年鉴编委会。
commodity  n. 商品，货物；日用品Prices went up on several basic commodities like bread and meat.面包、肉等几种基本商品的价格上涨了。
commonplace  n. 老生常谈；司空见惯的事；普通的东西Inter-racial marriages have become commonplace.不同种族间的通婚已经变得很常见。
comparison  n. 比较；对照；比喻；比较关系...a comparison of the Mexican and Guatemalan economies.…墨西哥与危地马拉经济的比较。Its recommendations are based on detailed comparisons between the public and private sectors.其建议是以公有和私有部门之间的详细比较为根据的。It is demonstrably an unfair comparison.这显然是一种不公平的相似对比。The amount of carbon dioxide released by human activities such as burning coal and oil is small in comparison.相比之下人类燃烧煤、石油等活动所释放的二氧化碳的量是少的。
compel  vt. 强迫，迫使；强使发生...the introduction of legislation to compel cyclists to wear a helmet.…强制骑车人戴头盔的法律的引入。Dickens felt compelled to return to the stage for a final goodbye.狄更斯感到必须返回舞台作最后的告别。
compile  vt. 编译；编制；编辑；[图情] 汇编The book took 10 years to compile.这本书花了10年编写。
compliment  n. 恭维；称赞；问候；致意；道贺You can do no harm by paying a woman compliments.对女人讲恭维话不会有什么害处。They complimented me on the way I looked each time they saw me.他们每次见到我都就我的外貌恭维我。
component  adj. 组成的，构成的Enriched uranium is a key component of a nuclear weapon.浓缩铀是核武器的一个关键组成部分。The management plan has four main components.该管理计划有4个主要组成部分。Gorbachev failed to keep the component parts of the Soviet Union together.戈尔巴乔夫没能使苏联各组成部分保持在一起。
concede  vt. 承认；退让；给予，容许Bess finally conceded that Nancy was right.贝丝最终承认南希是对的。"Well," he conceded, "I do sometimes mumble a bit."“嗯，”他承认道，“我有时说话确实有点儿含糊。”Poland's Communist government conceded the right to establish independent trade unions.波兰共产党政府给予了建立独立工会的权力。The strike by bank employees ended after employers conceded some of their demands.银行雇员的罢工在雇主们答应了他们的一些要求之后停止了。Reiner, 56, has all but conceded the race to his rival.56岁的赖纳差一点就向他的对手认输而使比赛结束。She has conceded defeat in her bid for the Democratic Party's nomination for governor.她已经承认自己在民主党州长提名竞选中失败。
conception  n. 怀孕；概念；设想；开始My conception of a garden was based on gardens I had visited in England.我对花园的概念是基于我在英格兰参观过的一些花园的。Six weeks after conception, your baby is the size of your little fingernail.受孕六周后你的孩子有你小手指甲那么大。
concerning  prep. 关于；就…而言For more information concerning the club, contact Mr. Coldwell.想了解更多有关该俱乐部的信息，请跟科德韦尔先生联系。It is particularly concerning that he is working for foreign companies while advising on foreign policy.尤其令人担心的是，他在为外交政策提供咨询的同时也在为外国公司工作。
concise  adj. 简明的，简洁的Burton's text is concise and informative.伯顿的文章文字简洁、内容丰富。He'd delivered his report clearly and concisely.他简洁明了地陈述了他的报告。...Sotheby's Concise Encyclopedia of Porcelain.…索思比的《简明瓷器百科全书》。
condemn  vt. 谴责；判刑，定罪；声讨Political leaders united yesterday to condemn the latest wave of violence.政治领袖们昨天联合谴责最近发生的一波暴力事件。Graham was right to condemn his players for lack of ability, attitude, and application.格雷厄姆责备他的队员缺乏能力、态度不端正以及不肯用功，这是对的。He was condemned to life imprisonment.他被判终身监禁。Their lack of qualifications condemned them to a lifetime of boring, usually poorly-paid work.他们资历的缺乏迫使他们要一辈子做单调乏味且通常报酬很低的工作。The court's ruling clears the way to condemn buildings in the area.法院的裁决为确定这一地区的建筑物为危房扫清了障碍。
confer  vt. 授予；给予He conferred with Hill and the others in his office.他和希尔以及他办公室里的其他人进行了商议。The constitution also confers large powers on Brazil's 25 constituent states.宪法还授予巴西25个成员州极大的权力。
confidential  adj. 机密的；表示信任的；获信任的She accused them of leaking confidential information about her private life.她指责他们泄露了有关她的私生活的保密信息。People can phone in, knowing that any information they give will be treated confidentially.人们可以打电话进来，他们知道他们所提供的一切信息都会被保密。"Look," he said in a confidential tone, "I want you to know that me and Joey are cops."“喂，”他悄声说，“我想要你知道我和乔伊都是警察。”Nash hadn't raised his voice, still spoke rather softly, confidentially.纳什没有提高嗓门，仍然很轻地、悄悄地说。
confine  n. 界限，边界;约束；限制Health officials have successfully confined the epidemic to the Tabatinga area.卫生官员们已经成功地将该传染病控制在塔巴廷加地区。He was confined in an internment camp in Utah.他被监禁在犹他州的一个拘留营里。They decided not to let their new dog run loose, confining it to a fenced enclosure during the day.他们决定不让他们的新狗乱跑，白天把它关在有围栏的围圈里。He did not confine himself to the one language.他没把自己局限于这一门语言。
conjunction  n. 结合；[语] 连接词；同时发生...the conjunction of two events.…两事件的同时发生。Textbooks are designed to be used in conjunction with classroom teaching.教科书被设计成与课堂教学配合使用。
consent  vi. 同意；赞成；答应At approximately 11:30 p.m., Pollard finally gave his consent to the search.大约晚上11:30的时候，波拉德终于对搜查予以同意。He finally consented to go.他最终同意去。He asked Ginny if she would consent to a small celebration after the christening.他问金尼她是否同意在洗礼仪式后来个小庆祝。
conserve  vt. 保存；将…做成蜜饯；使守恒The factories have closed for the weekend to conserve energy.这些工厂在那个周末关了厂以节省能源。...a big increase in U.S. aid to help developing countries conserve their forests.…美国对帮助发展中国家保护森林的援助的大幅增加。
considerate  adj. 体贴的；体谅的；考虑周到的I think he's the most charming, most considerate man I've ever known.我觉得他是我所认识的最有魅力、最体贴的男士。
considering  prep. 考虑到；就...而论He must be hoping, but considering the situation in June he may be hoping for too much too soon.他肯定正在期待着，但鉴于6月的情况，他可能期望得过多过早。Considering that you are no longer involved with this man, your response is a little extreme.考虑到你和这个男人不再有干系，你的反应有点过分。I think you're pretty safe, considering.总的来看，我认为你很安全。
constrain  vt. 驱使；强迫；束缚Women are too often constrained by family commitments and by low expectations.女性往往受家庭职责及低期望值约束。
contend  vi. 竞争；奋斗；斗争；争论It is time, once again, to contend with racism.又是对付种族主义的时候了。The government contends that he is fundamentalist.政府辩称他是原教旨主义者。...the two main groups contending for power.…争夺权力的两大主要集团。Small-market clubs such as the Kansas City Royals have had trouble contending with richer teams for championships.像堪萨斯城皇家队这样市场规模较小的俱乐部一直难以同财力更雄厚的球队争夺冠军。
contract  vi. 收缩；感染；订约The company won a hefty contract for work on Chicago's tallest building.公司赢得了芝加哥最高建筑的重要施工合同。Have you read the contract?你看过这份合同了吗？You can contract with us to deliver your cargo.你们可以和我们签订合同，由我们负责运输你们的货物。Blood is only expelled from the heart when it contracts.心脏收缩时，血液才从心脏射出。...the contraction and expansion of blood vessels.…血管的收缩与扩张。The manufacturing economy contracted in October for the sixth consecutive month.制造业经济到10月份已连续萎缩6个月了。He contracted AIDS from a blood transfusion.他因一次输血感染了艾滋病。The director wanted Olivia de Havilland, then under contract to Warner Brothers.导演想要奥莉维亚·德·哈维兰，但是那时她已经签约华纳兄弟公司。
contract  vi. 收缩；感染；订约The company won a hefty contract for work on Chicago's tallest building.公司赢得了芝加哥最高建筑的重要施工合同。Have you read the contract?你看过这份合同了吗？You can contract with us to deliver your cargo.你们可以和我们签订合同，由我们负责运输你们的货物。Blood is only expelled from the heart when it contracts.心脏收缩时，血液才从心脏射出。...the contraction and expansion of blood vessels.…血管的收缩与扩张。The manufacturing economy contracted in October for the sixth consecutive month.制造业经济到10月份已连续萎缩6个月了。He contracted AIDS from a blood transfusion.他因一次输血感染了艾滋病。The director wanted Olivia de Havilland, then under contract to Warner Brothers.导演想要奥莉维亚·德·哈维兰，但是那时她已经签约华纳兄弟公司。
conviction  n. 定罪；确信；证明有罪；确信，坚定的信仰It is our firm conviction that a step forward has been taken.我们坚信已经向前迈进了一步。He will appeal against his conviction.他将对判决进行上诉。"We shall, sir," said Thorne, with conviction.索恩坚定地说：“先生，我们会的”。
cooperate  vi. 合作，配合；协力The U.N. had been cooperating with the State Department on a plan to find countries willing to take the refugees.联合国和美国国务院合作，制定计划来寻找愿意接纳难民的国家。A deal with Japan could open the door to economic cooperation with East Asia.与日本的交易可以打开与东亚经济合作的大门。He agreed to cooperate with the police investigation.他同意配合警方调查。The police underlined the importance of the public's cooperation in the hunt for the bombers.在寻找安置炸弹的人时，警察强调了公众协作的重要性。
counter  n. 柜台；对立面；计数器；（某些棋盘游戏的）筹码...those guys we see working behind the counter at our local video rental shop.…我们所见在本地音像出租商店柜台后工作的那些家伙。The new answering machine has a call counter.这种新型的电话答录机有一个通话计数器。...a versatile book which provides boards and counters for fifteen different games.…一本为15种不同棋类游戏提供棋盘和棋子的多功能书。The leadership discussed a plan of economic measures to counter the effects of such a blockade.领导层讨论了一项经济措施计划来抵消如此封锁的影响。Sears countered by filing an antitrust lawsuit.西尔斯通过提交反垄断诉讼进行了反击。...NATO's traditional role as a counter to the military might of the Warsaw Pact.…北大西洋公约组织作为华沙公约组织军事力量的遏制力量的传统角色。Are you taking any other medicines whether on prescription or bought over the counter?你还要其他药吗，不管是处方药还是非处方药？...over-the-counter medicines.…非处方药。In national over-the-counter trading yesterday, Clarcor shares tumbled $6.125 to close at $35.625.昨天在全国场外交易中，克拉克股票跌$6.125，以$35.625收盘。
counter  n. 柜台；对立面；计数器；（某些棋盘游戏的）筹码...those guys we see working behind the counter at our local video rental shop.…我们所见在本地音像出租商店柜台后工作的那些家伙。The new answering machine has a call counter.这种新型的电话答录机有一个通话计数器。...a versatile book which provides boards and counters for fifteen different games.…一本为15种不同棋类游戏提供棋盘和棋子的多功能书。The leadership discussed a plan of economic measures to counter the effects of such a blockade.领导层讨论了一项经济措施计划来抵消如此封锁的影响。Sears countered by filing an antitrust lawsuit.西尔斯通过提交反垄断诉讼进行了反击。...NATO's traditional role as a counter to the military might of the Warsaw Pact.…北大西洋公约组织作为华沙公约组织军事力量的遏制力量的传统角色。Are you taking any other medicines whether on prescription or bought over the counter?你还要其他药吗，不管是处方药还是非处方药？...over-the-counter medicines.…非处方药。In national over-the-counter trading yesterday, Clarcor shares tumbled $6.125 to close at $35.625.昨天在全国场外交易中，克拉克股票跌$6.125，以$35.625收盘。
courtesy  n. 礼貌；好意；恩惠...a gentleman who behaves with the utmost courtesy towards ladies.…一位对女士极为彬彬有礼的绅士。By extending the courtesy of a phone call to my clients, I was building a personal relationship with them.通过给客户打电话这样有礼的行为，我渐渐和他们建立起私交。A courtesy shuttle bus operates between the hotel and the town.一辆免费运送班车在旅馆和小镇之间往返。The president paid a courtesy call on Emperor Akihito.总统礼节性地拜访了明仁天皇。The waitress brings over some congratulatory glasses of champagne, courtesy of the restaurant.蒙饭店的好意，女侍者们送过来几杯表示祝贺的香槟酒。
coverage  n. 覆盖，覆盖范围；新闻报道Now a special TV network gives live coverage of most races.现在一个专门的电视网对大多数比赛进行现场报道。
crack  vt. 使破裂；打开；变声A gas main had cracked under my neighbour's garage and gas had seeped into our homes.邻居家车库下的煤气主管道破裂了，煤气渗漏进我们家。Thunder cracked in the sky.空中雷声炸响。He cracked his head on the pavement and was knocked cold.他的头撞着了路面，撞昏了。Crack the eggs into a bowl.把鸡蛋打到碗中。He has finally cracked the system after years of painstaking research.经过数年的艰苦研究，他最终破译了该系统。She's calm and strong, and she is just not going to crack.她冷静而坚强，决不会垮掉的。Her voice cracked and she began to cry.她失声哭了起来。He drove a Volkswagen, cracked jokes, and talked about beer and girls.那时他开着一辆大众牌汽车，讲着笑话，谈论着啤酒和女孩。Kathryn had seen him through a crack in the curtains.凯瑟琳曾从帘子的裂缝看到过他。The plate had a crack in it.这盘子上有条裂纹。He went to the door, opened it a crack, and listened.他走到门边，把门打开一条缝，听了起来。Suddenly there was a loud crack and glass flew into the car.突然一阵巨大的爆裂声，碎玻璃飞溅进了车内。...a crack undercover police officer.…一名训练有素的卧底警察。Tell Tracy you're sorry for that crack about her weight.告诉特蕾西你对那个有关她体重的玩笑感到抱歉。
cripple  vt. 削弱；使跛；使残废She has gone from being a healthy, fit, and sporty young woman to being a cripple.她从一个健康、强壮、爱好体育运动的年轻姑娘变成了一个残疾人。Mr. Easton was crippled in an accident and had to leave his job.伊斯顿先生在一场事故中受伤致残，不得不离开了工作。He had been warned that another bad fall could cripple him for life.他被警告说再一次严重摔跤会使他终身残疾。
criterion  n. （批评判断的）标准；准则；规范；准据The most important criterion for entry is that applicants must design and make their own work.参加的最重要标准就是申请人必须设计并制作自己的作品。
crucial  adj. 重要的；决定性的；定局的；决断的He had administrators under him but made the crucial decisions himself.尽管他手下有许多官员，但重要的决定还是他自己做。Chewing properly is crucially important.正确地咀嚼是至关重要的。
culminate  vi. 到绝顶；达到高潮；达到顶点They had an argument, which culminated in Tom getting drunk.他们发生了争论，结果导致汤姆喝醉了酒。
cumulative  adj. 累积的It is simple pleasures, such as a walk on a sunny day, which have a cumulative effect on our mood.诸如在晴朗的日子散步这样简朴的乐趣对我们的情绪有累积性益处。
dart  vt. 投掷，投射；使迅速突然移动Ingrid darted across the deserted street.英格里德飞奔过空无一人的街道。She darted a sly sideways glance at Bramwell.她狡猾地斜瞟了布莱威尔一眼。Markov died after being struck by a poison dart.马尔科夫被毒镖击中后身亡。I started playing darts at 15.我从15岁开始玩掷镖游戏。
dash  n. 破折号；冲撞Suddenly she dashed down to the cellar.她猛地朝地窖冲过去。...a 160-mile dash to the hospital.…飞奔160英里赶向医院。Oh, Tim! I'm sorry but I have to dash.噢，蒂姆！很抱歉，但我得赶紧走了。She seized the doll and dashed it against the stone wall with tremendous force.她抓起洋娃娃，使劲往石墙上摔。Renewed fighting has dashed hopes for a United Nations-organized interim government.重燃的战火粉碎了在联合国的组织下建立临时政府的希望。Pour over olive oil and a dash of balsamic vinegar to accentuate the sweetness.倒入橄榄油和少量香醋以使甜味更浓些。...a story with a dash of mystery thrown in.…加入了一抹神秘色彩的故事。...the dash between the birth date and death date.…生卒日期之间的破折号。I made a dash for the front door but he got there before me.我向前门冲去，但他却已先我而到。
dazzle  n. 耀眼的光；灿烂George dazzled her with his knowledge of the world.乔治对世界的了解令她倾倒。The sun, glinting from the pool, dazzled me.池水折射的阳光使我目眩。The dazzle of stardom and status attracts them.明星和身份的耀眼光环吸引着他们。
deception  n. 欺骗，欺诈；骗术He admitted conspiring to obtain property by deception.他承认曾密谋通过欺骗获取财产。
decree  n. 法令；判决In July he issued a decree ordering all unofficial armed groups in the country to disband.7月份，他颁布了一项法令，命令解散该国所有非官方武装团体。...court decrees.…法院的判决。The government decreed that all who wanted to live and work in Kenya must hold Kenyan passports.政府下令要求所有想在肯尼亚居住和工作的人必须持有肯尼亚护照。
dedicate  vt. 致力；献身；题献For the next few years, she dedicated herself to her work.随后的几年里，她全身心地投入工作。He's quite dedicated to his students.他奉献很多给他的学生们。She dedicated her first album to Woody Allen, who she says understands her obsession.她把她的第一张唱片献给伍迪·艾伦，她说艾伦理解她的痴迷。
default  vi. 拖欠；不履行；不到场The credit card business is down, and more borrowers are defaulting on loans.信用卡生意正在走下坡路，更多的借贷人不履行还贷责任。The corporation may be charged with default on its contract with the government.该公司可能会被指控违反了与政府签订的合同。He appeared unimpressed; but then, unimpressed was his default state.他看似不为所动，但是，不为所动就是他的原样。The default setting on Windows Explorer will not show these files.视窗浏览器上的默认系统设定不显示这些文档。I would rather pay the individuals than let the money go to the State by default.我宁可把钱付给个人，也不会毫无选择就把钱交给国家。
defect  n. 缺点，缺陷；不足之处He was born with a hearing defect.他天生听力就有缺陷。A report has pointed out the defects of the present system.一份报告指出了现有体制的缺陷。...a KGB officer who defected in 1963.…一个1963年叛变的克格勃官员。...the defection of at least sixteen parliamentary deputies.…至少16位国会议员的背叛。
defendant  adj. 辩护的；为自己辩护的The defendant pleaded guilty and was fined $500.被告认罪，并被罚款$500。
defiance  n. 蔑视；挑战；反抗...his courageous defiance of the government.…他对政府的大胆蔑视。
deficient  adj. 不足的；有缺陷的；不充分的...a diet deficient in vitamin B.…缺少维生素B的饮食。
definitive  n. 限定词No one has come up with a definitive answer as to why this should be so.至于为什么该这样，还没有人给出明确的答复。Law enforcement officials had definitively identified Blanco as a potential suspect.执法官员明确认为布兰科是个可能的嫌疑犯。...Ian Macdonald's definitive book on The Beatles.…伊恩·麦克唐纳写的有关甲壳虫乐队的最权威的书。
degrade  vt. 贬低；使……丢脸；使……降级；使……降解...the notion that pornography degrades women.…色情作品贬低妇女的这种看法。Mr. Porter was subjected to a degrading strip search.波特先生受到了有辱人格的脱衣搜身。...the ability to meet human needs indefinitely without degrading the environment.…满足人类无限需求但又不会使环境恶化的能力。
delegate  vt. 委派…为代表The Canadian delegate offered no reply.那位加拿大代表没给答复。He talks of travelling less, and delegating more authority to his deputies.他说要减少旅行，还有要授予他的副手们更多的权力。A key factor in running a business is the delegation of responsibility.经商的一个关键因素是责任委托。Officials have now been delegated to start work on a draft settlement.官员们现已被委派开始准备一份拟定协议。
deliberate  adj. 故意的；深思熟虑的；从容的Witnesses say the firing was deliberate and sustained.目击者说这次射击是蓄意的，而且还持续了一段时间。It looks as if the blaze was started deliberately.看来那场火是有人故意放的。...stepping with deliberate slowness up the steep paths.…小心翼翼地缓步走上陡峭的小径。The Japanese have acted calmly and deliberately.那些日本人表现得镇定且从容。She deliberated over the decision for a good few years before she finally made up her mind.在她最终下定决心之前，她仔细考虑了这个决定多年。
democracy  n. 民主，民主主义；民主政治The spread of democracy in Eastern Europe appears to have had negative as well as positive consequences.东欧民主政体的蔓延看来既有消极也有积极的影响。The new democracies face tough challenges.新生的民主国家面临严峻的挑战。
denounce  vt. 谴责；告发；公然抨击；通告废除German leaders all took the opportunity to denounce the attacks and plead for tolerance.德国领导人们都藉此机会谴责这些攻击，并且恳请宽容。They were at the mercy of informers who might at any moment denounce them.他们完全受那些随时可能告发他们的告密者的支配。
density  n. 密度The region has a very high population density.这一地区人口密度很高。Jupiter's moon Io, whose density is 3.5 grams per cubic centimetre, is all rock.木星的卫星木卫一全是岩石，其密度为每立方厘米3.5克。
depart  vi. 离开；出发，起程；违反；去世Flight 43 will depart from Denver at 11:45 a.m. and arrive in Honolulu at 4:12 p.m.43号航班将于上午11:45从丹佛起飞，并于下午4:12到达檀香山。In the morning Mr. McDonald departed for Sydney.麦克唐纳先生早上起程去了悉尼。Why is it in this country that we have departed from good educational sense?为什么我们这个国家偏离了良好的教育观念？
deport  vt. 驱逐出境；举止；放逐...a government decision earlier this month to deport all illegal immigrants.…本月早些时候政府一项驱逐所有非法移民的决定。...thousands of migrants facing deportation.…面临被驱逐出境的数以千计的移民。
descend  vi. 下降；下去；下来；遗传；屈尊Things are cooler and more damp as we descend to the cellar.我们往地窖中下得越深，里面就越冷、越潮湿。Some 3,000 city officials will descend on Capitol Hill on Tuesday to lobby for more money.大约三千名市政官员将于周二突访美国国会山，为争取更多经费游说。He was ultimately overthrown and the country descended into chaos.他最终被推翻，国家陷入了混乱。We're not going to descend to such methods.我们不会堕落到使用这些方式的份上。
desirable  adj. 令人满意的；值得要的Prolonged negotiation was not desirable.拖得很长的谈判是不受欢迎的。...the desirability of democratic reform.…民主改革的可取性。...the young women of his own age whom his classmates thought most desirable.…与他同龄的、在他的同学们看来最性感的年轻女子。He had not at all overrated Veronica's desirability.他丝毫没有高估韦罗妮卡的性感。
despair  n. 绝望；令人绝望的人或事I looked at my wife in despair.我绝望地看着妻子。"Oh, I despair sometimes," he says in mock sorrow.“哦，我有时会绝望。”他假装悲伤地说。He wished to earn a living through writing but despaired of doing so.他原想通过写作谋生，但却对此绝望了。
destined  adj. 注定的；命定的；去往…的Any economic strategy based on a weak dollar is destined to fail.任何基于疲软的美元之上的经济策略都注定会失败。...products destined for Saudi Arabia.…运往沙特阿拉伯的产品。
destiny  n. 命运，定数，天命We are masters of our own destiny.我们是自己命运的主人。Is it destiny that brings people together, or is it accident?是定数，还是偶然，将人们带到一起？
destructive  adj. 破坏的；毁灭性的；有害的，消极的...the awesome destructive power of nuclear weapons.…核武器可怕的毁怀性力量。
devise  vt. 设计；想出；发明；图谋；遗赠给We devised a scheme to help him.我们想出了一个计划来帮助他。
diagnose  vt. 诊断；断定The soldiers were diagnosed as having flu.这些士兵被诊断为患了流感。Susan had a mental breakdown and was diagnosed with schizophrenia.苏珊精神崩溃，被诊断为精神分裂。
dilute  adj. 稀释的；淡的If you give your baby juice, dilute it well with cooled, boiled water.喂婴儿果汁要用凉开水充分稀释。The liquid is then diluted.然后液体就变稀了。There was a clear intention to dilute black voting power.削弱黑人选举权的意图是显而易见的。...a dilute solution of bleach.…稀释了的漂白液。
dim  adj. 暗淡的，昏暗的；模糊的，看不清的；悲观的，怀疑的She stood waiting in the dim light.她站在昏暗的灯光下等待着。Two lamps burned dimly.两盏油灯昏暗地燃烧着。The room was dim and cool and quiet.这房间昏暗、阴冷且安静。Pete's flashlight picked out the dim figures of Bob and Chang.皮特的手电筒照射出鲍勃和常的蒙胧身影。The shoreline could be dimly seen.海岸线隐约可见。It seems that the '60s era of social activism is all but a dim memory.60年代的社会激进主义时代似乎只剩下模糊的记忆。Christina dimly recalled the procedure.克里斯蒂娜隐约地记起了那个步骤。The prospects for a peaceful solution are dim.找到和平解决方案的前景渺茫。Sometimes he thought George was a bit dim.有时他觉得乔治有点儿笨。Dim the lighting – it is unpleasant to lie with a bright light shining in your eyes.把灯光调暗–在刺眼的灯光下躺着不舒服。Their economic prospects have dimmed.他们的经济前景变得暗淡了。Their memory of what happened has dimmed.他们对所发生的事的记忆变得模糊了。
discard  vt. 抛弃；放弃；丢弃Read the manufacturer's guidelines before discarding the box.先阅读制造商的说明书再把盒子丢掉。
discrete  adj. 离散的，不连续的...instruction manuals that break down jobs into scores of discrete steps.…将这些工作分解为多个分立步骤的说明书。
dismay  n. 沮丧，灰心；惊慌Local politicians have reacted with dismay and indignation.当地政客们作出了恐慌和愤慨的反应。The committee was dismayed by what it had been told.该委员会被所告知的情况搞得焦虑不安。He was dismayed at the cynicism of the youngsters.他对年轻人们的愤世嫉俗感到伤心焦虑。
disorder  n. 混乱；骚乱...a rare nerve disorder that can cause paralysis of the arms.…一种罕见的能导致手臂瘫痪的神经紊乱疾病。Six months ago America's worst civil disorder in more than 100 years erupted in the city of Los Angeles.6个月前，美国100多年来最严重的市民骚乱在洛杉矶市爆发了。The emergency room was in disorder.急救室一片混乱。
dispose  vt. 处理；处置；安排
disregard  vt. 忽视；不理；漠视；不顾He disregarded the advice of his executives.他对主管们的建议置之不理。Whoever planted the bomb showed a total disregard for the safety of the public.不论谁安置了炸弹都显示出对公众安全的全然漠视。
distinctive  adj. 有特色的，与众不同的...the distinctive odour of chlorine.…氯气的特殊气味。...the distinctively fragrant taste of elderflowers.…接骨木花奇特的香味。
distort  vt. 扭曲；使失真；曲解The media distorts reality; it categorizes people as all good or all bad.媒体歪曲事实，将人分为十足的好人和坏蛋。These figures give a distorted view of the significance for the local economy.这些数据对当地经济的重要性给出了歪曲的看法。A painter may exaggerate or distort shapes and forms.画家可能会夸大或扭曲形状与形式。Sound was becoming more and more distorted through the use of hearing aids.由于使用助听器，声音变得越来越失真。
distract  vt. 转移；分心Tom admits that playing video games sometimes distracts him from his homework.汤姆承认玩电子游戏有时让他做家庭作业时分心。Don't let yourself be distracted by fashionable theories.别让自己被新潮的理论给分心了。
distress  n. 危难，不幸；贫困；悲痛Jealousy causes distress and painful emotions.嫉妒会引发悲伤和痛苦的情绪。He expressed concern that the ship might be in distress.他对船可能处在危急状态表示忧虑。The idea of Toni being in danger distresses him enormously.想到托尼仍处在危险当中就使他忧心忡忡。
diverse  adj. 不同的；多种多样的；变化多的The building houses a wide and diverse variety of antiques.这栋楼里摆放着大量各式各样的古董。Albert Jones' new style will inevitably put him in touch with a much more diverse and perhaps younger audience.艾伯特·琼斯的新风格无疑将使他接触更多形形色色的、或许更年轻的观众。
dividend  n. 红利；股息；[数] 被除数；奖金The first quarter dividend has been increased by nearly 4 percent.第一季度的股息增加了近4％。Steps taken now to maximize your health will pay dividends later on.现在采取措施充分重视你的健康将来就会有回报。
division  n. [数] 除法；部门；分配；分割；师（军队）；赛区...the unification of Germany, after its division into two states at the end of World War Two.…德国在二战结束时分裂成两个国家，之后又统一了。The current division of labour between workers and management will alter.劳资双方目前的劳动分配将会改变。I taught my daughter how to do division at the age of six.我女儿6岁时，我就教她怎样做除法。The division between the prosperous west and the impoverished east remains.富裕的西部和贫穷的东部之间的对立依然存在。...the bank's Latin American division.…该银行的拉丁美洲部。Several armoured divisions are being moved from Germany.几个装甲师正从德国调来。Chico State reached the NCAA Division II national finals last season.奇科加州大学上个赛季进入了全国大学体育协会乙级全国决赛。
domestic  adj. 国内的；家庭的；驯养的；一心只管家务的...over 100 domestic flights a day to 30 leading U.S. destinations.…每天飞往美国30个主要目的地的100多个国内航班。...a plan for sharing domestic chores.…一份分担家务的计划。...domestic appliances.…家用电器。It was a scene of such domestic bliss.这是一幕家庭美满的场景。...a domestic cat.…一只家猫。
dominant  adj. 显性的；占优势的；支配的，统治的...a change which would maintain his party's dominant position in Scotland.…巩固他的政党在苏格兰支配地位的一场变革。
doom  n. 厄运；死亡；判决；世界末日...his warnings of impending doom.…他对即将到来的厄运发出的警告。Why are people so full of gloom and doom?人们的心里为什么满是悲观失望？That argument was the turning point for their marriage, and the one which doomed it to failure.那次争吵是他们婚姻的一个转折点，它注定了他们婚姻的失败。
dread  n. 恐惧；可怕的人（或物）I'm dreading Christmas this year.我害怕今年的圣诞节。I dreaded coming back, to be honest.老实说，我很害怕回来。She thought with dread of the cold winters to come.想到寒冬即将到来，她就感到恐惧。I dread to think what will happen in the case of a major emergency.我不敢想像万一出现重大紧急情况会怎么样。
dropout  n. 中途退学；辍学学生...long-haired, dope-smoking dropouts.…蓄着长发，吸着大麻的离经叛道之人。...high-school dropouts.…中学辍学生。The dropout rate among students is currently one in three.学生的辍学率目前是1/3。
duplicate  vt. 复制；使加倍His task will be to duplicate his success overseas here at home.他的任务将是在国内复制他在海外的成功。The tight race is almost a duplicate of the elections in Georgia and South Dakota last month that pitted a Republican challenger against a Democratic incumbent.这次紧张的竞选几乎是上个月在佐治亚州和南达科他州选举的翻版，由一个共和党的挑战者竞争一个现任的民主党人。...a business which duplicates video tapes for the film makers.…一家为电影制片人复制录像带的企业。I'm on my way to Switzerland, but I've lost my card. I've got to get a duplicate.我在去瑞士的路上，但是我的卡丢了。我得弄张补发卡。He let himself in with a duplicate key.他用一把另配的钥匙打开门进去了。
electrical  adj. 有关电的；电气科学的...shipments of electrical equipment.…电器设备的运输。...electrically powered vehicles.…电动车。...lighting and other electrical systems on the new runway.…新跑道上的照明和其他电力系统。...brief pulses of electrical energy.…短暂的电能脉冲。...electrically charged particles.…带电的粒子。...company representatives from the electrical industry.…来自电力行业的公司代表。
embed  vt. 栽种；使嵌入，使插入；使深留脑中One of the bullets passed through Andrea's chest before embedding itself in a wall.其中一颗子弹穿过安德烈亚的胸膛然后嵌入一面墙中。The fossils at Dinosaur Cove are embedded in hard sandstone.恐龙湾中的化石嵌在坚硬的砂岩中。This agreement will be embedded in a state treaty to be signed soon.这项协议将被纳入到一份即将被签署的国家条约中。I think that hatred of the other is deeply embedded in our society.我觉得对异己的憎恨在我们的社会中根深蒂固。
embody  vt. 体现，使具体化；具体表达Jack Kennedy embodied all the hopes of the 1960s.杰克•肯尼迪体现了20世纪60年代的全部希望。For twenty-nine years, Checkpoint Charlie embodied the Cold War.29年来，查理检查站具体象征了冷战。The proposal has been embodied in a draft resolution.这项提议已经被包含在一份决议草案中。
emerge  vi. 浮现；摆脱；暴露Richard was waiting outside the door as she emerged.当她出现的时候，理查德正等候在门外。She then emerged from the courthouse to thank her supporters.于是她从法院大楼出来向支持者们表示感谢。There is growing evidence that the economy is at last emerging from recession.有越来越多的迹象表明经济将最终摆脱萧条。...the growing corruption that has emerged in the past few years.…过去几年中暴露出来的日趋严重的腐败。It soon emerged that neither the July nor August mortgage payment had been collected.很快显示的是7月和8月的抵押款都没有被收取。Vietnam has emerged as the world's third-biggest rice exporter.越南已立足成为世界第三大稻米出口国。...the new republic that emerged in October 1917.…1917年10月成立的新共和国。
emit  vt. 发出，放射；发行；发表The new device emits a powerful circular column of light.这个新装置发出一束强烈的环形光柱。Whitney blinked and emitted a long, low whistle.惠特尼眨了眨眼，吹出了一声长而低沉的口哨。
emphasize  vt. 强调，着重But it's also been emphasized that no major policy changes can be expected to come out of the meeting.但是也强调，这次会议预期不会做出重大政策改变。
engagement  n. 婚约；约会；交战；诺言He had an engagement at a restaurant at eight.他8点钟在一家餐馆有一个约会。I've broken off my engagement to Arthur.我已经解除了于阿瑟的订婚约定。We spoke every night during our engagement.我们订婚期间每晚都交谈。The constitution prohibits them from military engagement on foreign soil.宪法禁止他们在外国领土上的军事交战。
entertain  vt. 娱乐；招待；怀抱；容纳They were entertained by top singers, dancers and celebrities.他们饶有兴趣地看了顶级歌手、舞蹈演员和名流们的演出。To generate new money the sport needs to be more entertaining.想生更多的财，这项运动得更有娱乐性。I don't like to entertain guests anymore.我不再喜欢招待客人。He loves to entertain.他喜欢宴客。...a cosy area for entertaining and relaxing.…一个宴客与休闲的舒适场所。How foolish I am to entertain doubts.我心存疑虑是多么愚蠢啊。
envisage  vt. 正视，面对；想像He envisages the possibility of establishing direct diplomatic relations in the future.他设想将来建立直接外交关系的可能性。
epidemic  adj. 流行的；传染性的A flu epidemic is sweeping through Moscow.一场流感正席卷莫斯科。...an epidemic of serial killings.…连环谋杀的盛行。
equation  n. 方程式，等式；相等；[化学] 反应式The equation is simple: research breeds new products.这个情况是简单的：研究孕育新产品。The party fears the equation between higher spending and higher taxes.该党害怕增加开支和增高税收之间的相互制衡。
evoke  vt. 引起，唤起；博得...the scene evoking memories of those old movies.…唤起对那些老电影的记忆的场景。
evolve  vt. 发展；进化；使逐步形成；推断出The bright plumage of many male birds was thought to have evolved to attract females.许多雄鸟的鲜艳羽毛被认为是为吸引雌鸟而进化来的。Birds are widely believed to have evolved from dinosaurs.鸟类普遍被认为是从恐龙进化而来的。...a tiny airline which eventually evolved into Pakistan International Airlines.…最终发展成为巴基斯坦国际航空公司的一家小型航空公司。Popular music evolved from folk songs.流行音乐由民歌演变而来。
excess  n. 超过，超额；过度，过量；无节制An excess of house plants in a small apartment can be oppressive.在一套狭小公寓里放过多的室内植物会给人压抑感。After cooking the fish, pour off any excess fat.烹调完鱼后，倒掉多余的油。Make sure that you don't have to pay expensive excess charges.确保你不需要支付昂贵的额外费用。The value of the company is well in excess of $2 billion.该公司的价值远超过20亿美元。I was reasonably fit, played a lot of tennis, and didn't smoke or drink to excess.我那时很健康，常打网球，不过度抽烟或喝酒。
exclaim  vi. 呼喊，惊叫；大声叫嚷"He went back to the lab," Inez exclaimed impatiently.“他回实验室了，”伊内兹不耐烦地叫道。
exclusive  adj. 独有的；排外的；专一的It used to be a private, exclusive club, and now it's open to all New Yorkers.它曾是一家高档的私人俱乐部，而现在它对所有纽约人开放。Our group will have exclusive use of a 60-foot boat.我们组将有一条专用的60英尺的船。He told the magazine in an exclusive interview: "All my problems stem from drinking."他在一次独家采访中告知那家杂志：“我所有的问题源于饮酒。”Some papers thought they had an exclusive.一些报社以为他们有一条独家报道。...the average cost of a three-course dinner exclusive of tax, tip and beverage.…不含税、小费和酒水费用的3道菜晚餐的平均花费。They both have learned that ambition and successful fatherhood can be mutually exclusive.他们都明白了事业心与做个成功的父亲是互相排斥的。
execution  n. 执行，实行；完成；死刑
exempt  vt. 免除；豁免Men in college were exempt from military service.在校男大学生免服兵役。South Carolina claimed the power to exempt its citizens from the obligation to obey federal law.南卡罗来纳州宣称有权使其公民免除遵守联邦法律的义务。...the exemption of employer-provided health insurance from taxation.…雇主提供的医疗保险的税项免除。
expire  vi. 期满；终止；死亡；呼气He had lived illegally in the United States for five years after his visitor's visa expired.访问签证到期后他在美国非法居住了5年。
extend  vt. 延伸；扩大；推广；伸出；给予；使竭尽全力；对…估价The caves extend for some 12 miles.这些洞穴延伸约12英里。The main stem will extend to around 12 ft, if left to develop naturally.如果让其自然生长，主干会延伸到12英尺左右。A table extended from the front of her desk to create a T-shaped seating arrangement.一张桌子从她的办公桌前端伸出，形成T型的座位排列。The normal cyclone season extends from December to April.正常的飓风季节从12月持续到4月。The service also extends to wrapping and delivering gifts.这项服务还包括包装及递送礼物。The talks will extend to the church, human rights groups, and other social organizations.这些会谈将涉及教会、人权组织和其他的社会组织。This year they have introduced three new products to extend their range.今年他们已引入了3种新产品以扩大他们的范围。The building was extended in 1500.该建筑于1500年扩建。...a table that extends to accommodate extra guests.…一张能伸展以容纳更多客人的桌子。They have extended the deadline by twenty-four hours.他们已经将最后期限延长了24小时。It might be possible to extend the technique to other crop plants.把该技术扩延到其它农作物上也许是可能的。The man extended his hand: "I'm Chuck."这位男士伸出了他的手：“我是查克。”
extinct  adj. 灭绝的，绝种的；熄灭的At the current rate of decline, many of the rain forest animals could become extinct in less than 10 years.按照目前的下降速度，许多雨林动物不到十年就会绝种。Herbalism had become an all but extinct skill in the Western world.草药医术在西方世界几乎已成了一项绝迹的技术。Its tallest volcano, long extinct, is Olympus Mons.它最高的火山是已死很久的奥林匹斯山。
extraordinary  adj. 非凡的；特别的；离奇的；特派的We've made extraordinary progress as a society in that regard.我们社会在那方面已经取得了巨大进步。The task requires extraordinary patience and endurance.这项工作需要非凡的耐心和毅力。She's extraordinarily disciplined.她特别遵守纪律。What an extraordinary thing to happen!发生了多么非同寻常的事啊！Apart from the hair, he looked extraordinarily unchanged.除了头发，他看上去真是一点也没变。The U.S. has called for an extraordinary emergency meeting of the UN Human Rights Commission to examine the crisis.美国已要求召开一次联合国人权委员特别紧急会议来调查这次危机。
fabricate  vt. 制造；伪造；装配All four claim that officers fabricated evidence against them.4人全部声称官员们伪造了不利于他们的证据。She described the interview as a "complete fabrication."她把这次采访描述为“纯属虚构”。
facet  n. 面；方面；小平面The caste system shapes nearly every facet of Indian life.种姓制度几乎决定了印度生活的各个方面。
facilitate  vt. 促进；帮助；使容易The new airport will facilitate the development of tourism.新机场将促进旅游业的发展。
farewell  n. 告别，辞别；再见；再会They said their farewells there at the cafe.他们在咖啡馆那儿道了别。
fascinate  vt. 使着迷，使神魂颠倒Politics fascinated Franklin's father.政治让富兰克林的父亲着迷。
feasible  adj. 可行的；可能的；可实行的She questioned whether it was feasible to stimulate investment in these regions.她质问在这些地区刺激投资是否可行。The committee will study the feasibility of setting up a national computer network.委员会将研究建立一个国家计算机网络的可行性。
feminine  adj. 女性的；妇女（似）的；阴性的；娇柔的...male leaders worrying about their women abandoning traditional feminine roles.…担心他们的女人会抛弃传统女性角色的男性领导人。I've always been attracted to very feminine women who are not overpowering.我总是被那些不强悍的女人味十足的女人所吸引。
fertilizer  n. [肥料] 肥料；受精媒介物；促进发展者...farming without any purchased chemical, fertilizer or pesticide.…不使用任何购买的化学品、肥料或杀虫剂的耕作。
finance  n. 财政，财政学；金融The fund has been used largely to finance the construction of federal prisons.该基金大部分已用于资助联邦监狱的建造。A United States delegation is in Japan seeking finance for a major scientific project.1个美国代表团正在日本为一个重大科研项目寻求资助。...a major player in the world of high finance.…高层金融界的大腕。The report recommends an overhaul of public finances.这份报告建议对公共财政进行彻底检视。Be prepared for unexpected news concerning your finances.对关于你财务状况的意外消息要做好准备。
finite  adj. 有限的；限定的...a finite set of elements.…有限的一组元素。Only a finite number of situations can arise.只有有限的几种情况可能会出现。
flare  vt. 使闪耀；使张开；用发光信号发出；使外倾...a ship which had fired a distress flare.…一艘发出了遇险信号弹的船。Camp fires flared like beacons in the dark.篝火突然熊熊燃烧起来，像黑暗中的灯塔。Don't spill too much fat on the barbecue as it could flare up.不要在烤肉上浇太多的油，因为它可能会突然烧起来。Even as the president appealed for calm, trouble flared in several American cities.即使在总统呼吁大家保持冷静时，美国几座城市里仍在爆发骚乱。Dozens of people were injured as fighting flared up.数十人由于战斗激化而负伤。Tempers flared and harsh words were exchanged.人们大动肝火，对骂起来。
flip  vt. 掷；轻击He didn't flip on the headlights until he was two blocks away.直到过了两个街区后，他才打开前灯。Then he walked out, flipping the lights off.接着他走了出去，随手把灯关掉。He was flipping through a magazine in the living room.他在起居室里快速翻阅一本杂志。The plane then flipped over and burst into flames.这时飞机翻了个个儿，接着就燃烧了起来。I pulled a coin from my pocket and flipped it.我从口袋里掏出一枚硬币，把它投掷出去。
flutter  vi. 飘动；鼓翼；烦扰Her chiffon skirt was fluttering in the night breeze.她的薄绸裙在晚风中飘动。...a butterfly fluttering its wings.…一只拍动着翅膀的蝴蝶。...a flutter of white cloth.…白布的飘动。The paper fluttered to the floor.纸飘落到地板上。
forecast  vt. 预报，预测；预示...a forecast of a 2.25 percent growth in the economy.…2.25%经济增长的预报。He delivered his election forecast.他作了他的选举预报。They forecast a humiliating defeat for the president.他们预言总统蒙受羞辱的一次失败。
foretell  vt. 预言；预示；预告...prophets who have foretold the end of the world.…预言了世界末日的先知们。
forge  n. 熔炉，锻铁炉；铁工厂The prime minister is determined to forge a good relationship with the country's new leader.该首相决意与该国的新领袖建立良好的关系。They agreed to forge closer economic ties.他们同意建立更密切的经济联系。He admitted seven charges including forging passports.他承认了包括伪造护照在内的7项罪名。They used forged documents to leave the country.他们利用伪造的文件离开了这个国家。...the most prolific art forger in the country.…该国最大的艺术品伪造者。
formula  n. [数] 公式，准则；配方；婴儿食品...a peace formula.…一项和平方案。He developed a mathematical formula describing the distances of the planets from the Sun.他提出了一个描述各行星与太阳之间距离的数学公式。Glucose and fructose have the same chemical formula but have very different properties.葡萄糖和果糖具有相同的化学分子式但有很不同的特性。After he was officially pronounced the world's oldest man, he offered this simple formula for a long and happy life.在他被正式宣布为世界上最老的人之后，他提供了这一长寿和幸福生活的简单方法。
formulate  vt. 规划；用公式表示；明确地表达Little by little, he formulated his plan for escape.他一点一点地构想出了他的逃跑计划。I was impressed by the way he could formulate his ideas.我对他表述自己想法的独特用词印象深刻。
forum  n. 论坛，讨论会；法庭；公开讨论的广场Members of the council agreed that was an important forum for discussion.理事会成员们一致认为那是一个用于讨论的重要论坛。
foster  vt. 培养；养育，抚育；抱（希望等）Little Jack was placed with foster parents.小杰克被安置在养父母家。She has since gone on to find happiness by fostering more than 100 children.她此后又通过收养一百多个孩子找到了快乐。He said that developed countries had a responsibility to foster global economic growth to help new democracies.他说发达国家有一种促进全球经济增长以帮助新兴民主国家的责任。
fragile  adj. 脆的；易碎的The fragile economies of several southern African nations could be irreparably damaged.几个南部非洲国家脆弱的经济可能会无可挽救地被摧垮。By mid-1988 there were clear indications of the extreme fragility of the Right-wing coalition.到1988年年中有明显的迹象表明右翼联盟极度脆弱。He leaned back in his fragile chair.他向后靠在他那把不结实的椅子上。Older drivers are more likely to be seriously injured because of the fragility of their bones.年纪较大的司机因骨骼易碎而更可能会受重伤。
fringe  n. 边缘；穗；刘海The jacket had leather fringes.这件上衣饰有皮流苏。...black townships located on the fringes of the city.…位于该城市边缘的黑人居住区。The party remained on the fringe of the political scene until last year.直到去年该党还一直处于政治舞台的外围。My fringe was cut short, but the rest of my hair was long.我的刘海剪得短,但其余的头发长。The monarchists are a small fringe group who quarrel fiercely among themselves.君主制拥护者们是个边缘性小团体，内部争吵激烈。
fulfil  vt. 履行；完成；实践；满足President Kaunda fulfilled his promise of announcing a date for the referendum.卡翁达总统实现了他的关于宣布投票公决日期的诺言。Without them you will not be able to fulfil the tasks you have before you.没有他们你将不能完成你面前的任务。The war was the biggest thing in her life and nothing after that quite fulfilled her.那场战争是她一生中最重大的事，在那之后没有什么颇使她感到满足过。She has courageously continued to lead a fulfilled life.她已勇敢地继续过一种心满意足的生活。
furnish  vt. 提供；供应；装备Many proprietors try to furnish their hotels with antiques.许多企业主尽可能用古董装饰他们的旅馆。They'll be able to furnish you with the rest of the details.他们将能够给你提供其余的细节。
galaxy  n. [天] 星系；银河系（the Galaxy）；一群显赫的人Astronomers have discovered a distant galaxy.天文学家们发现了一个遥远的星系。The Galaxy consists of 100 billion stars.银河系由1千亿颗恒星组成。
generosity  n. 慷慨，大方；宽宏大量There are stories about his generosity, the massive amounts of money he gave to charities.关于他的慷慨有些传闻，说他向慈善机构捐献巨款。
given  adj. 赠予的；沉溺的；规定的In chess there are typically about 36 legal moves from any given board position.在国际象棋中，从棋盘的任何一个特定方格通常都可以移动大致36步。Write down the sort of thing you would like to do, given the opportunity.如果有机会，请写下你想做的那类事。Usually, I am sensible with money, as I have to be, given that I don't earn that much.我花钱通常是很明智的。考虑到自己挣得不多，必须这样做。Given the uncertainty over Leigh's future I was left with little other choice.考虑到莉前途未卜，我几乎没有选择余地。
gleam  n. 微光；闪光；瞬息的一现His black hair gleamed in the sun.他的黑头发在阳光下闪闪发光。There was a gleam of hope for a peaceful settlement.和平解决曾有一线希望。
gossip  n. 小道传闻；随笔；爱说长道短的人He spent the first hour talking gossip.他头一个小时尽在说人闲话。There has been much gossip about the possible reasons for his absence.关于他缺席的原因已经有多种传闻。We spoke, debated, gossiped into the night.我们交谈、争论、闲聊到夜间。Eva gossiped with Sarah.伊娃与萨拉闲聊。He was a vicious gossip.他是个可恶的饶舌者。
govern  vt. 管理；支配；统治；控制They go to the polls on Friday to choose the people they want to govern their country.他们周五去投票站选出他们希望来治理国家的人。Marine insurance is governed by a strict series of rules and regulations.海上保险受一系列严格的规章条例所制约。
gracious  adj. 亲切的；高尚的；和蔼的；雅致的She is a lovely and gracious woman.她是个可爱而和蔼的女人。She closed with a gracious speech of thanks.她以彬彬有礼的致谢辞作结。Hospitality at the presidential guest house was graciously declined.总统套房里的款待被婉言谢绝了。He drove through the gracious suburbs with the swimming pools and tennis courts.他开车穿过了建有游泳池和网球场的舒适的城郊。Good gracious, look at that specimen, will you?天哪，你看看那个家伙，好吗？
grieve  vt. 使悲伤，使苦恼He's grieving over his dead wife and son.他因丧妻失子而悲痛不已。I didn't have any time to grieve.我没有时间去悲伤。
groan  vi. 呻吟；抱怨；发吱嘎声Slowly, he opened his eyes. As he did so, he began to groan with pain.他慢慢地睁开眼睛，并开始痛苦地呻吟。They glanced at the man on the floor, who began to groan.他们扫了一眼地板上那个开始呻吟的男子。She heard him let out a pitiful, muffled groan.她听到他发出一声可怜、压抑的呻吟。"My leg – I think it's broken," Eric groaned.“我的腿–我想是断了，”埃里克呻吟着说。His parents were beginning to groan about the price of college tuition.他的父母开始抱怨大学的学费。Listen sympathetically to your child's moans and groans about what she can't do.要充满同情地去倾听孩子对她不能做的事而发的牢骚和抱怨。The timbers groan and creak and the floorboards shift.木料吱嘎作响，地板也跟着动。The bar counter groans under the weight of huge plates of the freshest fish.酒吧柜台上堆满了大盘大盘最新鲜的鱼。Consumers were groaning under the weight of high interest rates.消费者受着高利率的重压。
halt  vi. 停止；立定；踌躇，犹豫They halted at a short distance from the house.他们停在离房子不远处。Striking workers halted production at the auto plant yesterday.昨天，汽车厂的罢工工人完全停止了生产。the haltThe Russian government had called a halt to the construction of a new project in the Rostov region.俄罗斯政府已经决定停止在罗斯托夫地区的一个新工程的修建。The lift creaked to a halt at the ground floor.电梯嘎吱一声停在了底楼。Her political career came to a halt in December 1988.她的政治生涯于1988年12月彻底结束了。
heap  n. 堆；许多；累积...a heap of bricks.…一堆砖。Mrs. Madrigal heaped more carrots onto Michael's plate.马德里加尔太太往迈克尔的盘子里放了更多的胡萝卜。Off to one side, the militia was heaping up wood for a bonfire.在一侧，民兵们正在堆起木柴，准备生起篝火。The head of the navy heaped scorn on both the methods and motives of the conspirators.这位海军首领对密谋分子的做法和动机都给予了极大的蔑视。You have heaps of time.你有很多时间。
hemisphere  n. 半球...the depletion of the ozone layer in the northern hemisphere.…北半球臭氧层的消耗。
hesitate  vi. 踌躇，犹豫；不愿The telephone rang. Catherine hesitated, debating whether to answer it.电话响了。凯瑟琳迟疑着，考虑是否接听。Asked if he would go back, Mr. Searle said after some hesitation, "I'll have to think about that."当被问及他是否愿意回去时，瑟尔先生迟疑了一下后说：“我得考虑一下。”Some parents hesitate to take these steps because they suspect that their child is exaggerating.一些家长迟迟不肯采取这些措施，因为他们怀疑自己的孩子在夸大其词。In the event of difficulties, please do not hesitate to contact our Customer Service Department.如有困难，请不要迟疑，与我们的客户服务部联系。
hierarchy  n. 层级；等级制度Like most other American companies with a rigid hierarchy, workers and managers had strictly defined duties.像大多数其他等级制度森严的美国公司一样，工人和管理人员都有严格界定的职责。The church hierarchy today feels the church should reflect the social and political realities of the country.教会统治集团如今感到教会应该反映国家的社会现实和政治现实。
highlight  vt. 突出；强调；使显著；加亮Last year Collins wrote a moving ballad which highlighted the plight of the homeless.去年柯林斯写了一首感人的叙事诗，突出描写了无家可归者的苦境。Highlight the chosen area by clicking and holding down the left mouse button.通过点击鼠标左键并摁住以突出显示所选区域。...a match that is likely to prove one of the highlights of the tournament.…可能是本届锦标赛最精彩的赛事之一。
hike  vi. 远足；徒步旅行；上升The site is reached by a 30-minute hike through dense forest.要花30分钟徒步穿过密林才能到达那个地方。You could hike through the Fish River Canyon – it's entirely up to you.你可以远足穿越菲什干河大峡谷–这全由你自己决定。...some harder, more strenuous hiking on cliff pathways.…在悬崖峭壁的小路上进行的更艰难、更费力的长途行走。...a sudden 1.75 percent hike in interest rates.…利率突涨1.75%。It has now been forced to hike its rates by 5.25 percent.它现在被迫将其税率提高5.25%。The insurers have started hiking up premiums by huge amounts.保险公司已经开始大幅度地提高保险费。
hinge  n. 铰链，折叶；关键，转折点；枢要，中枢The top swung open on well-oiled hinges.盖子在上好油的折叶上一下子弹开了。
hoist  n. 起重机；升起，吊起Hoisting my suitcase on to my shoulder, I turned and headed toward my hotel.我把手提箱扛到肩膀上，转身朝旅馆走去。A twenty-foot steel pyramid is to be hoisted into position on top of the tower.一座20英尺高的钢制金字塔将被吊到塔顶该放的位置上。He uses a hydraulic hoist to unload two empty barrels.他用一架液压起重机卸下两只空桶。A group forced their way through police cordons and hoisted their flag on top of the disputed monument.一群人强行冲破警方警戒线，把他们的旗帜升到了那座有争议的纪念碑的顶部。
horizon  n. [天] 地平线；视野；眼界；范围In the distance, the dot of a boat appeared on the horizon.远处小黑点般的一条小船出现在地平线上。As your horizons expand, these new ideas can give a whole new meaning to life.随着你的眼界不断开阔，这些新观念将给你的生活赋予崭新的意义。With breast cancer, as with many common diseases, there is no obvious breakthrough on the horizon.就乳腺癌来说，如同许多常见病一样，目前还看不到明显的突破。
hospitality  n. 好客；殷勤Every visitor to Georgia is overwhelmed by the kindness, charm, and hospitality of the people.来到佐治亚州的每一个人都为当地人的善良、魅力和好客感动不已。...corporate hospitality tents.…公司为客人提供饮料食品等招待服务的帐篷。
hostile  adj. 敌对的，敌方的；怀敌意的Many people felt he would be hostile to the idea of foreign intervention.许多人觉得他会反对外来干预。The West has gradually relaxed its hostile attitude to this influential state.西方对这个有影响力的国家的敌对态度已趋缓和。Drinking may make a person feel relaxed and happy, or it may make her hostile, violent, or depressed.喝酒可以使一个人感到放松和愉快，也可以让人变得不友善、粗暴或沮丧。...some of the most hostile climatic conditions in the world.…世界上最不利的一些气候条件。Soon after he arrived, Kingfisher launched a hostile bid for Dixons.金费希尔到任之后不久就开始了对迪克森斯公司的恶意收购投标。The city is encircled by a hostile army.该市被敌军包围。
hover  vi. 盘旋，翱翔；徘徊Beautiful butterflies hovered above the wild flowers.美丽的蝴蝶在野花上方盘旋。Judith was hovering in the doorway.朱迪丝在门口徘徊。She hovered on the brink of death for three months as doctors battled to save her.3个月来在医生们奋力挽救她的生命的过程中，她一直处在死亡的边缘。In September 1989 the exchange rate hovered around 140 yen to the dollar.在1989年9月，汇率一直在140日元比1美元左右徘徊。
humble  adj. 谦逊的；简陋的；（级别或地位）低下的；不大的He gave a great performance, but he was very humble.他的表演很精彩，但他却很谦逊。"I'm a lucky man, undeservedly lucky," he said humbly.“我是个幸运的人，不该这么幸运，”他谦虚地说。Spyros Latsis started his career as a humble fisherman in the Aegean.斯派罗斯·拉齐斯最初的职业是爱琴海的一名地位低微的渔夫。There are restaurants, both humble and expensive, that specialize in noodles.既有普通的也有昂贵的专营面条的餐馆。It is, in my humble opinion, perhaps the best steak restaurant in the city.以我之拙见，它也许是该市最好的牛排馆。So may I humbly suggest we all do something next time.那么我可否愚拙地提议下次我们大家都做点什么。Anson was forced to eat humble pie and publicly apologize to her.安森被迫认错并公开向她道歉。Honda won fame in the 1980s as the little car company that humbled the industry giants.20世纪80年代，本田作为一家小型汽车公司因一举击垮行业巨头而声名鹊起。Ted's words humbled me.特德的一席话使我自感惭愧。Giving up an addiction is a humbling experience.戒掉一种嗜好是一次令自尊心受挫的经历。
identical  adj. 同一的；完全相同的The three bombs were virtually identical.这3个炸弹几乎一模一样。...nine identically dressed female dancers.…9个着装相同的女舞蹈演员。
ignorant  adj. 无知的；愚昧的People don't like to ask questions for fear of appearing ignorant.人们不喜欢问问题，生怕显得自己无知。I met some ignorant people who called me all kinds of names.我碰见了一些粗鲁人，他们用各种名称叫我。
immigrant  adj. 移民的；迁入的...illegal immigrants.…非法移民。
immune  adj. 免疫的；免于……的，免除的About 93 percent of U.S. residents are immune to measles either because they were vaccinated or they had the disease as a child.大约93%的美国居民对麻疹是免疫的，他们要么因为接种过疫苗，要么就是小时候得过麻疹。Birds in outside cages develop immunity to airborne bacteria.养在户外笼子里的鸟对空气传播的病毒有免疫力。Higher education is no longer immune to state budget cuts.高等教育不再受州预算削减的影响。People with diplomatic passports are immune from criminal prosecution.持有外交护照者享有刑事起诉豁免权。The police are offering immunity to witnesses who help identify the murderers.警方对帮助他们指认杀人凶手的证人免予起诉。
imperative  adj. 必要的，不可避免的；紧急的；命令的，专横的；势在必行的；[语]祈使的It was imperative that he act as naturally as possible.至关重要的是他要尽可能地自然行事。The most important political imperative is to limit the number of U.S. casualties.政治上的当务之急是控制美国的伤亡人数。
impetus  n. 动力；促进；冲力The impetus for change came from lawyers.促进转变的动力来自于律师们。
implement  vt. 实施，执行；实现，使生效The government promised to implement a new system to control financial loan institutions.政府许诺要实施新的制度来控制金融贷款机构。Very little has been achieved in the implementation of the peace agreement signed last January.去年1月份签署的和平协议的执行几乎没有什么进展。...writing implements.…书写用具。
inaugurate  vt. 创新；开辟；开创；举行开幕典礼；举行就职典礼The new president will be inaugurated on January 20th.新总统将在1月20日正式就任。...the inauguration of the new Governor.…新任州长的就职典礼。A Mafia Museum was inaugurated in Corleone.一座黑手党博物馆在科莱奥内举行落成典礼。They later attended the inauguration of the University.他们后来参加了该大学的成立典礼。Pan Am inaugurated the first scheduled international flight.泛美航空开创了第一个定期的国际航班。
incline  vi. 倾斜；倾向；易于He came to a halt at the edge of a steep incline.他停步在一个陡坡的边上。Jack inclined his head very slightly.杰克微微点了点头。...the factors that incline us toward particular beliefs.…使我们倾向于特定信念的种种因素。Those who fail incline to blame the world for their failure.那些失败者往往会将其失败归咎于社会。
incur  vt. 招致，引发；蒙受The government had also incurred huge debts.政府也已承受了大笔债务。
independent  adj. 独立的；单独的；无党派的；不受约束的Your questions should be independent of each other.你们的问题应该是相互间毫无关联的。We're going independent from the university and setting up our own group.我们将从大学独立出去，成立我们自己的集团。...several people working independently in different areas of the world.…在世界不同地区独立工作的几个人。Phil was now much more independent of his parents.菲尔现在不大依赖他的父母了。...helping disabled students to live and study as independently as possible.…帮助残疾学生尽可能不依赖地生活和学习。Papua New Guinea became independent from Australia in 1975.巴布亚新几内亚1975年脱离澳大利亚而独立。...an independent television station.…一家独立的电视台。There were calls in Congress for an independent inquiry.国会中有对一次独立调查的呼吁。There's been a late surge of support for an independent candidate.对一位独立候选人的支持最近有骤然的增多。Mr. Vassiliou, standing as an independent, succeeded in convincing a significant number of voters of his argument.瓦西里欧先生以无党派人士身份成功地说服了大量选民支持他的观点。
indirect  adj. 间接的；迂回的；非直截了当的Businesses are feeling the indirect effects from the recession that's going on elsewhere.企业正感受到其他地区经济不景气造成的间接影响。Drugs are indirectly responsible for the violence.毒品间接对暴力负有责任。He took an indirect route back home.他选择了一条迂回的路线回家。His remarks amounted to an indirect appeal for economic aid.他的话等于是一个对经济援助拐弯抹角的请求。He referred indirectly to the territorial dispute.他拐弯抹角地提到了领土争端。
infinite  adj. 无限的，无穷的；无数的；极大的...an infinite variety of landscapes.…极其多样的地形地貌。With infinite care, John shifted position.约翰小心翼翼地换了位置。His design was infinitely better than anything I could have done.他的设计比我所能设计的不知要好上多少倍。...an infinite number of atoms.…无数个原子。A centimetre can be infinitely divided into smaller units.一厘米能被无穷尽地分为更小的单位。
inflation  n. 膨胀；通货膨胀；夸张；自命不凡...rising unemployment and high inflation.…上涨的失业率和高通胀。
infringe  vt. 侵犯；违反；破坏The film exploited his image and infringed his copyright.该影片利用了他的肖像，侵犯了他的肖像权。They rob us, they infringe our rights, they kill us.他们劫掠我们，他们侵犯我们的权利，他们屠杀我们。
inhabit  vt. 栖息；居住于；占据The valley is inhabited by the Dani tribe.这个山谷里居住着丹尼部落。...the people who inhabit these islands.…居住于这些岛屿的人们。
inherent  adj. 固有的；内在的；与生俱来的，遗传的Stress is an inherent part of dieting.要节食必定会经受压力。Man is not inherently violent.人类并非生来就暴力。
inherit  vt. 继承；遗传而得He has no son to inherit his land.他没有儿子来继承他的土地。The Endara government inherited an impossibly difficult situation from its predecessors.恩达拉政府从其前任手里接过了一个极为困难的局面。We inherit from our parents many of our physical characteristics.我们从父母的遗传中得到许多体貌特征。Her children have inherited her love of sports.她的孩子们从她那里继承了对体育运动的爱好。
inhibit  vt. 抑制；禁止The high cost of borrowing is inhibiting investment by industry in new equipment.高昂的借贷成本正抑制行业对新设备的投资。Officers will be inhibited from doing their duty.官员们将被阻止履行其职责。
initiative  n. 主动权；首创精神；新方案；倡议Local initiatives to help young people have been inadequate.当地对年轻人的扶助法案一直不够完善。We have the initiative; we intend to keep it.我们拥有主动权；我们想要保持主动权。She was disappointed by his lack of initiative.她对他缺乏主动性感到失望。If they reject or ignore the initiative, the public will vote on it in November.如果他们拒绝或无视公民立法提案程序，公众将于11月对它进行投票表决。We are the only power willing to take the initiative in the long struggle to end the war.在旨在结束战争的长期斗争中，我们是惟一愿意首先采取行动的国家。
instal  vt. 安装；使就任；设置
instance  n. 实例；情况；建议In sub-Saharan Africa today, for instance, gross investment accounts for roughly 15% of national income.例如，在如今的撒哈拉以南的非洲国家，总投资大约占国民收入的15％。...an investigation into a serious instance of corruption.…对一例严重腐败事件的调查。In the first instance your child will be seen by an ear, nose and throat specialist.你的孩子首先要由耳鼻喉专家诊查。
insurance  n. 保险；保险费；保险契约；赔偿金The house was a total loss and the insurance company promptly paid us the policy limit.房屋被定为全损，保险公司按保险限额迅速赔付了我们。Attentive proofreading is the only insurance against the kind of omissions described in this section.仔细校对是避免本节提到的那种遗漏问题的惟一预防措施。
intelligent  adj. 智能的；聪明的；理解力强的Susan's a very bright and intelligent woman who knows her own mind.苏珊是一个非常聪明伶俐而且清楚自己想法的女人。They are incapable of thinking intelligently about politics.他们在考虑政治问题时缺乏头脑。Intelligent computers will soon be an indispensable diagnostic tool for every doctor.智能计算机很快将会成为每位医生必不可少的诊断工具。
intensive  adj. 加强的；集中的；透彻的；加强语气的...after several days and nights of intensive negotiations.…在几个日夜的集中谈判之后。Caitlin's parents opted to educate her intensively at home.凯特林的父母选择在家对她进行强化教育。...intensive methods of rearing poultry.…集约饲养家禽的方法。Will they farm the rest of their land less intensively?他们会在耕种其余土地时不这么集约吗？
intent  n. 意图；目的；含义The rebels are obviously intent on keeping up the pressure.反叛分子显然决心继续施加压力。She looked from one intent face to another.她看着一张张专注的面孔。He listened intently, then slammed down the phone.他专注地听着，然后猛地把电话放下。The timing of this strong statement of intent on arms control is crucial.发表这项意图实施军备控制的强硬声明的时机至关重要。To all intents and purposes he was my father.他实际上可以称得上是我的父亲。
intermittent  adj. 间歇的；断断续续的；间歇性After three hours of intermittent rain, the game was abandoned.雨断断续续地下了3个小时之后，比赛被取消了。The talks went on intermittently for three years.会谈断断续续地进行了3年。
intervene  vi. 干涉；调停；插入The situation calmed down when police intervened.警察干预后，局势平静了下来。Hernandez intervened and told me to stop it.贺尔南德兹插话，不让我再说下去。The mailboat arrived on Friday mornings unless bad weather intervened.除非受到恶劣天气的干扰，邮船于星期五上午到达。
intricate  adj. 复杂的；错综的，缠结的...the production of carpets with highly intricate patterns.…图案复杂精细的地毯的制作。...intricately carved sculptures.…一些精雕细刻的雕塑。
intrigue  n. 阴谋；诡计；复杂的事；私通...political intrigue.…政治阴谋。The novelty of the situation intrigued him.那种新奇的情景激起了他的好奇心。
pathetic  adj. 可怜的，悲哀的；感伤的；乏味的...a pathetic little dog with a curly tail.…一只可怜的卷尾小狗。The small group of onlookers presented a pathetic sight.那一小群旁观者显出一幅可怜的样子。She was pathetically thin.她那时瘦弱得可怜。What pathetic excuses.多么无力的借口！Don't be so pathetic.别那么差劲。Five women in a group of 18 people is a pathetically small number.18个人中5位女性是个小得可怜的数目。
patrol  n. 巡逻；巡逻队；侦察队Prison officers continued to patrol the grounds within the jail.狱警们继续在监狱内的场地里巡逻。He failed to return from a patrol.他没能从一次巡逻中回来。The army is now on patrol in Srinagar and a curfew has been imposed.军队现在在斯利那加巡逻，宵禁也已实行。Guerrillas attacked a patrol with hand grenades.游击队用手榴弹袭击了一支巡逻队。
penalty  n. 罚款，罚金；处罚One of those arrested could face the death penalty.那些被捕之人其中的一个可能会面临死刑。Referee Michael Reed had no hesitation in awarding a penalty.裁判迈克尔·里德毫不犹豫地判了罚球。Why should I pay the penalty for somebody else's mistake?我为什么要为别人的错误而接受惩罚呢？
penetrate  vt. 渗透；穿透；洞察X-rays can penetrate many objects.X射线能穿透很多物体。The thick walls prevented penetration by debris from the hurricane.一堵堵厚墙阻挡了飓风带来的碎片的穿透。...the continuing failure of women to penetrate the higher levels of engineering.…女性跻身工程业较高层级的连续失败。The CIA had requested our help to penetrate a drug ring operating out of Munich.中情局曾要求我们协助打入在慕尼黑外活动的一个贩毒团伙。...the successful penetration by the KGB of the French intelligence service.…克格勃向法国情报机构的成功渗入。There have been around 15 attempts from outside Idaho to penetrate the market.已有约十五次从爱达荷州以外打入该市场的企图。...import penetration across a broad range of heavy industries.…横跨广泛重工业领域的进口渗入。
persist  vi. 存留，坚持；持续，固执Contact your doctor if the cough persists.如果持续咳嗽，就与医生联系。Why do people persist in begging for money in the street?为什么人们非要在街上讨钱呢？He urged the United States to persist with its efforts to bring about peace.他敦促美国坚持努力实现和平。
perspective  n. 观点；远景；透视图He says the death of his father 18 months ago has given him a new perspective on life.他说１８个月前他父亲的去世使他对人生产生了新的看法。...two different perspectives on the nature of adolescent development.…关于青春期发育特点的两种不同观点。Remember to keep things in perspective.记住要正确地看待事物。I let things get out of perspective.我没能正确地看待事物。
petition  n. 请愿；请愿书；祈求；[法] 诉状People feel so strongly that we recently presented the government with a petition signed by 4,500 people.人们感受如此强烈，以至我们最近向政府提交了一份由4500人签名的请愿书。His lawyers filed a petition for all charges to be dropped.他的律师们提出申请要求撤销所有指控。...couples petitioning for divorce.…申请离婚的几对夫妇。All the attempts to petition Congress had failed.所有向国会提出请求的努力都已失败了。
pierce  vt. 刺穿；洞察；响彻；深深地打动One bullet pierced the left side of his chest.一颗子弹射入了他的左胸。I'm having my ears pierced on Saturday.我星期六要去扎耳洞。...health risks from needles used in piercing and tattooing.…穿孔和纹身中使用针而带来的健康风险。...barefoot girls with braids and piercings.…梳着辫子、扎有耳洞的赤脚姑娘们。
pirate  n. 海盗；盗版；侵犯专利权者In the nineteenth century, pirates roamed the seas.19世纪，海盗很猖獗。Computer crimes include data theft and pirating software.计算机犯罪包括数据窃取和盗版软件。New technology makes it possible to make pirated copies of music and movies.新技术使制作盗版音乐和影片成为可能。Pirate copies of the DVD are already being sold.该DVD的盗版已经有售了。
polish  n. 磨光，擦亮；擦亮剂；优雅，精良The still air smelled faintly of furniture polish.久未流通的空气中有股淡淡的家具漆的气味。Each morning he shaved and polished his shoes.每天早晨他都刮胡子、擦皮鞋。He gave his counter a polish with a soft duster.他用柔软的抹布将柜台擦得亮亮的。...a highly polished floor.…一块擦得很亮的地板。The opera lacks the polish of his later work.这部歌剧缺少他后期作品中所具有的上乘境界。They just need to polish their technique.他们只需要改进一下自己的技艺。Polish up your writing skills on a one-week professional course.上一周的专业课程来增强你的写作技能。
poll  n. 投票；民意测验；投票数；投票所Polls show that the European treaty has gained support in Denmark.民意测验显示，欧洲条约已经在丹麦获得支持。We are doing a weekly poll on the president, and clearly his popularity has declined.我们正在对总统进行每周一次的民意测验，很显然他的受欢迎度已经下降了。More than 18,000 people were polled.18000多人接受了民意测验。Audiences were going to be polled on which of three pieces of contemporary music they liked best.听众将就3首现代乐曲中最喜欢哪一首接受民意调查。Incumbent officeholders are difficult to defeat at the polls.现任官员很难在选举中被击败。Voters are due to go to the polls on Sunday to elect a new president.选民们按计划将于周日前往投票站选举新总统。The result showed he had polled enough votes to force a second ballot.结果显示他获得了足够的选票来促使第二轮选举。
portray  vt. 描绘；扮演In 1975 he portrayed the king in a Los Angeles revival of "Camelot."1975年他在洛杉矶重演的戏剧《卡米洛特》中扮演国王。The film portrays a culture of young people who live in lower Manhattan.这部电影描绘了在下曼哈顿地区生活的青年人文化。...complaints about the way women are portrayed in ads.…不满于广告中对妇女的刻画方式。
postpone  vt. 使…延期；把…放在次要地位；把…放在后面He decided to postpone the expedition until the following day.他决定将探险活动推迟到第二天。
preach  vt. 说教；讲道；鼓吹；传道；反复灌输At High Mass the priest preached a sermon on the devil.在大弥撒仪式上，牧师布了一次有关魔鬼的道。The bishop preached to a crowd of several hundred local people.主教向一群几百名当地人布道。He said he was trying to preach peace and tolerance to his people.他说他正试图向他的人民宣扬和平与宽容。Health experts are now preaching that even a little exercise is far better than none at all.如今，健康专家宣扬说，即使少量的运动也比一点不运动要好得多。"Don't preach at me," he shouted.“不要对我说教，”他喊道。
precaution  n. 预防，警惕；预防措施Could he not, just as a precaution, move to a place of safety?难道他不能就当是一种防范搬到一个安全的地方去吗？
predecessor  n. 前任，前辈He maintained that he learned everything he knew from his predecessor.他坚称他所知道的一切都是从他的前任那儿学到的。Although the car is some 2 inches shorter than its predecessor, its boot is 20 percent larger.尽管这款汽车比其上一代产品短2英寸，但它的行李箱大了20%。
pregnant  adj. 怀孕的；富有意义的Lena got pregnant and married.莉娜怀了孕并结了婚。There was a long, pregnant silence, which Mrs. Madrigal punctuated by reaching for the cheque.马德里加尔太太伸手去拿那支票，打破了那一阵长时间的、耐人寻味的沉默。
prejudice  n. 偏见；侵害There was a deep-rooted racial prejudice long before the two countries went to war.早在两国交战之前就有了根深蒂固的种族偏见。There is widespread prejudice against workers over 45.对年龄超过45岁的工人有普遍的偏见。I think your upbringing has prejudiced you.我认为你的教养使你抱有偏见。The report was held back for fear of prejudicing his trial.因为担心会使他的审判带有偏见，该报告没有公开。Her study was not in any way intended to prejudice the future development of the college.她的研究绝对无意损害该学院的未来发展。
prescribe  vi. 规定；开药方The physician examines the patient then diagnoses the disease and prescribes medication.内科医生检查了病人，然后对疾病作出诊断，并开出药方。She took twice the prescribed dose of sleeping tablets.她服用了所开剂量两倍的安眠药。...article II of the constitution, which prescribes the method of electing a president.…规定总统选举办法的宪法第二条。
preside  vi. 主持，担任会议主席The PM returned to Downing Street to preside over a meeting of his inner cabinet.首相回到唐宁街去主持一场核心内阁会议。
presume  vt. 假定；推测；擅自；意味着I presume you're here on business.我想你是来这儿出差的吧。"Had he been home all week?"—"I presume so."“他整个星期都在家吗？”—“我想是。”They're resentful that outsiders presume to meddle in their affairs.他们对外人擅自干预他们的事务怨恨不已。The legal definition of "know" often presumes mental control.“知情”的法律界定通常以思维控制力为前提。
pretend  vi. 假装，伪装，佯装I pretend that things are really okay when they're not.我在情况不好的时候假装一切真地没事。Sometimes the boy pretended to be asleep.有时候那个男孩子假装睡着了。She can sunbathe and pretend she's in Cancun.她会进行日光浴并假装她是在坎昆。We do not pretend that the past six years have been without problems for us.我们不假称过去的6年对我们来讲是没有问题的。
preview  n. 预览；试映；事先查看He had gone to see the preview of a play.他去看过一出戏的预演。
previous  adj. 以前的；早先的；过早的She has a teenage daughter from a previous marriage.她有个出自前一次婚姻的十几岁的女儿。It was a surprisingly dry day after the rain of the previous week.这是继前一周的降雨之后出奇干燥的一天。
primitive  adj. 原始的，远古的；简单的，粗糙的...studies of primitive societies.…对原始社会的研究。...primitive whales.…原始鲸。Primitive humans needed to be able to react like this to escape from dangerous animals.原始人们需要能够像这样反应以逃脱危险的动物。The conditions are primitive by any standards.这些条件以任何标准衡量都是简陋的。
principal  adj. 主要的；资本的The principal reason for my change of mind is this.我改变主意的最重要原因就是这个。...the country's principal source of foreign exchange earnings.…该国最重要的外汇交易收入来源。Donald King is the principal of Dartmouth High School.唐纳德·金是达特茅斯中学的校长。
probability  n. 可能性；机率；[数] 或然率Without a transfusion, the victim's probability of dying was 100%.不输血的话，该患者的死亡概率是100%。The probabilities of crime or victimization are higher with some situations than with others.犯罪或实施伤害的概率在有些情况下比其他情况下要大一些。If you've owned property for several years, the probability is that values have increased.如果你已拥有财产几年了，很可能价值已经增涨了。Formal talks are still said to be a possibility, not a probability.正式谈判据说仍有可能，但不是很可能。The Republicans had better get used to the fact that in all probability, they are going to lose.共和党人最好习惯他们很可能会失败的事实。
probe  n. 探针；调查The more they probed into his background, the more inflamed their suspicions would become.他们越深入调查他的背景，对他的怀疑就会越强烈。For three years, I have probed for understanding.3年来我一直在寻求理解。...a federal grand-jury probe into corruption within the FDA.…联邦大陪审团对食品及药品管理局内部腐败的一次调查。The surgeon would pick up his instruments, probe, repair, and stitch up again.外科医生会拿起器械进行探查、修复，然后再缝合。Dr. Amid probed around the sensitive area.阿米德医生在敏感部位周围做了探查。...a fibre-optic probe.…一根光纤探针。A flashlight beam probed the underbrush only yards away from their hiding place.一束手电光搜索了离他们藏身之处仅几码远的低矮灌丛。
proceed  vi. 开始；继续进行；发生；行进He proceeded to tell me of my birth.他接着给我讲了我的出生。The group proceeded with a march they knew would lead to bloodshed.这群人继续进行他们知道会导致流血事件的一次游行。The ideas were not new. Their development had proceeded steadily since the war.这些想法并不新。它们的发展自开战以来一直在稳步地继续。The proceeds of the concert went to charity.音乐会的收入给了慈善机构。
prominent  adj. 突出的，显著的；杰出的；卓越的...the children of very prominent or successful parents.…非常知名或成功的人士们的孩子们。Here the window plays a prominent part in the design.这里，窗户在设计中有着突出的作用。Trade will figure prominently in the second day of talks in Washington.贸易在华盛顿会谈的第二天将成为突出的议题。
promising  adj. 有希望的，有前途的A school has honoured one of its brightest and most promising former students.一所学校给其培养过的最聪明、最有前途的学生中的一位颁了奖。
prone  adj. 俯卧的；有…倾向的，易于…的For all her experience as a television reporter, she was still prone to camera nerves.尽管有丰富的做电视记者的经验，她仍然倾向于在镜头前紧张。...the most injury-prone rider on the circuit.…赛车道上最容易受伤的车手。Bob slid from his chair and lay prone on the floor.鲍勃从椅子上滑下来，面朝下躺在了地板上。
proportion  n. 比例，占比；部分；面积；均衡A large proportion of the dolphins in that area will eventually die.那个地区的很大一部分海豚最终都会死去。The proportion of women in the profession had risen to 17.3%.从事那个职业的女性比例已经增长到17.3%。Women's bodies tend to have a higher proportion of fat to water.女性体内往往有更高的脂肪与水的比值。In the tropics plants grow to huge proportions.在热带，植物长得很高大。The pressure in the cylinders would go up in proportion to the boiler pressure.汽缸内的压力会与锅炉的压力成比例上升。Children tend to have relatively larger heads than adults in proportion to the rest of their body.与身体其余部位相比，孩子头部所占比例往往比成人大。The punishment was out of all proportion to the crime.惩罚和罪行完全不成比例。
propose  vt. 建议；打算，计划；求婚Hamilton proposed a change in the traditional debating format.汉密尔顿建议对传统的辩论形式作一个改变。It's still far from clear what action the government proposes to take over the affair.尚不清楚政府打算采取什么行动接手这件事。He has proposed a resolution limiting the role of U.S. troops.他提出了一项限制美军作用的决议。He proposed to his girlfriend over a public-address system.他在有线广播系统上向女友求婚。
protest  vi. 抗议；断言They were protesting soaring prices.他们在抗议不断飞涨的物价。The opposition now seems too weak to stage any serious protests against the government.反对党现在似乎太弱小，无力针对政府组织什么重大的抗议。The Mexican president cancelled a trip to Texas in protest at the state's execution of a Mexican national.墨西哥总统取消了得克萨斯之行，以抗议该州对一名墨西哥侨民的处决。When we tried to protest that Mo was beaten up they didn't believe us.当我们坚持说莫遭到了毒打时，他们都不相信。"I never said any of that to her," he protested.“我从来没有对她说过那种话，”他断然否认。
provided  conj. 假如；倘若The other banks are going to be very eager to help, provided that they see that he has a specific plan.如果他有一个具体的计划，其他的银行才会非常渴望提供资助。
provocative  adj. 刺激的，挑拨的；气人的He has made a string of outspoken and sometimes provocative speeches in recent years.他最近几年做了一系列直言不讳的、有时带有挑衅的演说。Some adolescents might be more sexually mature and provocative than others.有些青少年可能比其他人在性方面是更成熟、更挑逗的。
proximity  n. 接近，[数]邻近；接近；接近度，距离；亲近Part of the attraction is Darwin's proximity to Asia.达尔文港的部分吸引力在于她与亚洲比邻。He became aware of the proximity of the Afghans.他开始意识到那些阿富汗人的接近。
publication  n. 出版；出版物；发表The guide is being translated into several languages for publication near Christmas.这本指南正被翻译成好几种语言，准备在圣诞节前后出版。They have started legal proceedings against two publications which spoke of an affair.他们已开始对提及一件绯闻的两本出版物进行法律诉讼。A spokesman said: "We have no comment regarding the publication of these photographs."一位发言人说: “关于这些照片的公开，我们无可奉告。”
publicity  n. 宣传，宣扬；公开；广告；注意Much advance publicity was given to the talks.会谈之前做了大量的宣传。...government publicity campaigns.…政府的宣传活动。The case has generated enormous publicity in Brazil.这起犯罪事件已在巴西引起了公众的极大关注。
punctual  adj. 准时的，守时的；精确的He's always very punctual. I'll see if he's here yet.他一向很准时。我要看看他是不是已经来了。My guest arrived punctually.我的客人准时到了。
quench  vt. 熄灭，[机] 淬火；解渴；结束；冷浸He stopped to quench his thirst at a stream.他停在一条小溪边喝水解渴。
raid  n. 袭击；突袭；搜捕；抢劫The guerrillas raided banks and destroyed a police barracks and an electricity substation.游击队员们突袭了多家银行，摧毁了一个警察营房和一座变电站。The rebels attempted a surprise raid on a military camp.反叛者们曾经试图对兵营发动一场突然袭击。Police raided their headquarters and other offices.警察突击搜查了他们的总部和其他办公场所。They were arrested early this morning after a raid on a house by thirty armed police.他们于今天凌晨，在30名武装警察突击搜查了一所住宅后被捕。
random  adj. [数] 随机的；任意的；胡乱的The survey used a random sample of two thousand people across the Midwest.这项调查使用的是对中西部地区2000人的随机取样。...interviews with a randomly selected sample of 30 girls aged between 13 and 18.…对随机抽取的30名年龄在13至18岁之间的女孩的访谈。...random violence against innocent victims.…对无辜受害者的随意攻击。...drinks and magazines left scattered randomly around.…随意四处散落的饮料和杂志。We received several answers, and we picked one at random.我们收到了好几个答案，就随机地拣选了一个。Three African-Americans were killed by shots fired at random from a minibus.3名非洲裔美国人被从一辆小型公共汽车中胡乱射出的子弹打死了。
ratio  n. 比率，比例The adult to child ratio is one to six.成人与儿童之比是1比6。
rational  adj. 合理的；理性的He's asking you to look at both sides of the case and come to a rational decision.他是在要求你看到问题的两面，然后做出理性的决定。It can be very hard to think rationally when you're feeling so vulnerable and alone.在你感到如此脆弱和孤单的时候很难理性地思考问题。Did he come across as a sane, rational person?他看上去是不是一个头脑清醒而理智的人？
rebel  vi. 反叛；反抗；造反...fighting between rebels and government forces.…叛军与政府军之间的战斗。The rebels want another 1% cut in interest rates.反对派希望能再降低1%的利率。Voters rebelled against high property taxes.投票者们反对高额财产税。She had been a rebel at school.她在学校时就是个叛逆者。The child who rebels is unlikely to be overlooked.叛逆的孩子不太可能被忽视。
rebound  n. 回弹；篮板球His shot in the 21st minute of the game rebounded from a post.他在比赛21分钟时的射门从球门柱上弹了回来。Mia realized her trick had rebounded on her.米娅意识到她的伎俩反而害了自己。
recession  n. 衰退；不景气；后退；凹处The oil price increases sent Europe into deep recession.石油价格的上涨使欧洲陷入严重的经济衰退。
reciprocal  adj. 互惠的；相互的；倒数的，彼此相反的They expected a reciprocal gesture before more hostages could be freed.他们期望在更多的人质被释放之前有互惠的表示。
reckon  vt. 测算，估计；认为；计算Toni reckoned that it must be about three o'clock.托尼想一定是3点钟左右了。The market is reckoned to be worth $1.4 bn in the U.S. alone.这个市场仅在美国的价值估计就有14亿美元。
reclaim  vt. 开拓；回收再利用；改造某人，使某人悔改In 1986, they got the right to reclaim South African citizenship.1986年，他们得到了恢复南非公民身份的权利。The good news for the industry was that investors don't seem to be in any hurry to reclaim their money.对该行业来说，好消息是投资者们似乎不急于要求收回他们的钱。The Netherlands has been reclaiming farmland from water.荷兰一直在围海造田。The diamond towns are gradually being reclaimed by the desert.那些开采钻石的小镇逐渐被沙漠重新吞噬了。
recruit  n. 招聘；新兵；新成员The police are trying to recruit more black and Hispanic officers.警方正试图招收更多的黑人和西班牙裔的警官。She set up her stand to recruit students to the Anarchist Association.她搭了一个摊位招募学生加入无政府主义者协会。A bomb exploded at an army recruiting office.一枚炸弹在一个征兵办公室爆炸了。...a new recruit to the LA Police Department.…洛杉矶警察局的一名新警员。
recur  vi. 复发；重现；采用；再来；循环；递归...a theme that was to recur frequently in his work.…一个将在他的作品中多次出现的主题。
reel  vi. 卷；眩晕；蹒跚地走；退缩...a 30-metre reel of cable.…一卷30米长的电缆。He was reeling a little. He must be very drunk.他有点踉跄。他一定醉得很厉害。I'm still reeling from the shock of hearing about it.我现在仍然因为听到这个消息而震惊不已。His mind reeled at the question.他的脑子被这个问题搅混了。
referee  n. 裁判员；调解人；介绍人Vautrot has refereed in two World Cups.沃特罗特已经在两届世界杯比赛中担任过裁判。
reform  n. 改革，改良；改正The party embarked on a programme of economic reform.这个政党开始了一个经济改革的计划。...his plans to reform the country's economy.…他改革国家经济的计划。When his court case was coming up, James promised to reform.当他的案件即将被审理时，詹姆斯承诺要改过自新。...a reformed alcoholic.…一个改过自新的酗酒者。
refugee  n. 难民，避难者；流亡者，逃亡者A political refugee from Cameroon has moved into our neighbourhood.一个喀麦隆的政治难民已经搬进了我们小区。
refund  vi. 退还；偿还，归还Face it – you'll just have to take those cowboy boots back and ask for a refund.面对现实吧–你不过是要把那些牛仔靴拿回去，要求退款。We guarantee to refund your money if you're not delighted with your purchase.如果你对购买的商品不满意，我们保证退款。
reign  vi. 统治；支配；盛行；君临Last night confusion reigned about how the debate, which continues today, would end.昨晚，这场在今天继续进行的辩论将如何结束的问题令人困惑。...Henry II, who reigned from 1154 to 1189.…1154年至1189年在位统治的亨利二世。...Queen Victoria's reign.…维多利亚女王的统治时期。
reinforce  vt. 加强，加固；强化；补充I hope this will reinforce Indonesian determination to deal with this kind of threat.我希望这会加强印度尼西亚对付这类威胁的决心。The delegation hopes to reinforce the idea that human rights are not purely internal matters.代表团希望巩固人权不完全是国家内政的观念。Eventually, they had to reinforce the walls with exterior beams.最后，他们不得不用外梁来加固那些墙壁。Both sides have been reinforcing their positions after yesterday's fierce fighting.在昨天的激战后，双方一直在增援各自的阵地。
relay  vi. 转播；接替Britain's prospects of beating the United States in the relay looked poor.英国队在接力赛中战胜美国队的希望看上去不大。The satellite will be used mainly to relay television programmes.这颗卫星将主要用来转播电视节目。She relayed the message, then frowned.她转告了那个消息，然后皱了皱眉。
reliance  n. 信赖；信心；受信赖的人或物...the country's increasing reliance on foreign aid.…这个国家日益依赖外来援助。
render  vt. 致使；提出；实施；着色；以…回报It contained so many errors as to render it worthless.太多的错误使之变得毫无价值。
resemble  vt. 类似，像Some of the commercially produced venison resembles beef in flavour.一些商业化生产的鹿肉味道像牛肉。
resign  vt. 辞职；放弃；委托；使听从A hospital administrator has resigned over claims he lied to get the job.一位医院主管因为有人声称他的职位是骗来的而辞职了。Mr Robb resigned his position last month.罗布先生上个月辞去了他的职位。Pat and I resigned ourselves to yet another summer without a boat.帕特和我将就着又过了一个没有船的夏天。
respectable  adj. 值得尊敬的；人格高尚的；相当数量的He came from a perfectly respectable middle-class family.他来自一个非常体面的中产阶级家庭。If she divorced Tony, she would lose the respectability she had as Mrs. Tony Tatterton.如果她和托尼离婚，她将会失去作为托尼•塔特顿太太的体面。...investments that offer respectable and highly attractive rates of return.…提供不错的、极具吸引力的回报率的投资。
restore  vt. 恢复；修复；归还The army has recently been brought in to restore order.该军队最近被调来恢复秩序。His visit is expected to lead to the restoration of diplomatic relations.他的访问预计会导致外交关系的恢复。We will restore her to health but it may take time.我们会让她恢复健康，但这或许需要时间。I owe the restoration of my hearing to this remarkable new technique.我把我听力的复原归功于这项非凡的新技术。...experts who specialize in examining and restoring ancient parchments.…专门研究和修复古羊皮纸手稿的专家们。I specialized in the restoration of old houses.我擅长旧房的修复。The following day their horses and goods were restored to them.第二天他们的马匹和货物被归还给了他们。
restrain  vt. 抑制，控制；约束；制止Wally gripped my arm, partly to restrain me and partly to reassure me.沃利抓住了我的胳膊，部分是想制止我，部分是想安慰我。She was unable to restrain her desperate anger.她无法抑制她那不顾一切的愤怒。The radical 500-day plan was very clear on how it intended to try to restrain inflation.这项激进的500天计划在其想要如何试图限制通货膨胀上是非常清晰的。
resume  n. 摘要；[管理] 履历，简历After the war he resumed his duties at Wellesley College.那场战争之后，他恢复了在韦尔斯利学院的任职。It is premature to speculate about the resumption of negotiations.考虑谈判的恢复还太早。"I changed my mind," Blanche said, resuming her seat.“我改主意了，”布兰奇说，返回到她的座位上。
resume  n. 摘要；[管理] 履历，简历After the war he resumed his duties at Wellesley College.那场战争之后，他恢复了在韦尔斯利学院的任职。It is premature to speculate about the resumption of negotiations.考虑谈判的恢复还太早。"I changed my mind," Blanche said, resuming her seat.“我改主意了，”布兰奇说，返回到她的座位上。
retention  n. 保留；扣留，滞留；记忆力；闭尿The Citizens' Forum supported special powers for Quebec but also argued for the retention of a strong central government.《市民论坛》支持魁北克的特殊权力，但是也主张保留一个强有力的中央政府。
retort  n. 反驳，顶嘴；曲颈瓶"You can't smoke in here," Shaw said.—"Don't worry, it's not tobacco," he retorted.“你不能在这儿吸烟，”肖说道。—“别担心，这不是烟叶，”他反驳道。His sharp retort clearly made an impact.他的尖锐反驳显然起了作用。
retrospect  n. 回顾，追溯In retrospect, I wish that I had thought about alternative courses of action.回想起来，我真希望自己当初考虑过其他的行动方案。
revelation  n. 启示；揭露；出乎意料的事；被揭露的真相...the seemingly everlasting revelations about his private life.…有关他私生活的似乎永无休止的披露。...following the revelation of his affair with a former secretary.…在他和前任秘书的风流韵事被揭露之后。Degas's work had been a revelation to her.德各斯的工作曾是她的一大发现。
revenge  n. 报复；复仇The attackers were said to be taking revenge on the 14-year-old, claiming he was a school bully.攻击者被称是在报复一名14岁男孩，称他是学校一霸。The paper accused her of trying to revenge herself on her former lover.这家报纸指责她企图报复她以前的情人。
ridge  n. 山脊；山脉；屋脊...a high road along a mountain ridge.…一条沿山脊而建的公路。...the bony ridge of the eye socket.…眼窝的骨质隆起线。
rival  n. 对手；竞争者The world champion finished more than two seconds ahead of his nearest rival.这位世界冠军领先离他最近的对手两秒多钟冲过终点。The area is famous for its wonderfully fragrant wine which has no rivals in the Rhone.这一地区以其极为醇香的葡萄酒而闻名，这种酒在罗纳河流域没有可匹敌者。Cassette recorders cannot rival the sound quality of CDs.盒式磁带录音机在音质上无法与CD相媲美。
roar  n. 咆哮；吼；轰鸣A police car roared past.一辆警车呼啸而过。The engine roared, and the vehicle leapt forward.引擎轰鸣，车子猛地向前驶去。...the roar of traffic.…车辆的轰鸣声。Max threw back his head and roared with laughter.马克斯把头向后一甩，哄然大笑。There were roars of laughter as he stood up.他站起来时出现阵阵哄堂大笑。"I'll kill you for that," he roared.“我要为此杀了你，” 他吼道。During the playing of the national anthem the crowd roared and whistled.奏国歌时，人群又吼又吹口哨。There was a roar of approval.响起了一片表示赞成的喊叫声。The lion roared once, and sprang.狮子吼了一声，跳了起来。...the roar of lions in the distance.…远处的狮吼声。
rot  n. 腐烂；腐败；腐坏If we don't unload it soon, the grain will start rotting in the silos.如果我们不马上卸货，这些粮食在仓中将开始腐烂。Investigations had revealed extensive rot in the beams under the ground floor.检测显示一楼下面的横梁已经有大面积的腐烂。In many schools, the rot is beginning to set in. Standards are falling all the time.在许多学校，情况正在逐步恶化，水准在不断降低。Most governments simply leave the long-term jobless to rot.大多数政府只能任由长期失业者颓废下去。
rupture  n. 破裂；决裂；疝气He died of an abdominal infection caused by a rupture of his stomach.他死于由一次胃穿孔引发的腹部感染。His stomach might rupture from all the acid.他的胃可能会因为所有这些酸而穿孔。While playing badminton, I ruptured my Achilles tendon.打羽毛球的时候，我把跟腱撕裂了。He ruptured himself playing football.他因踢足球而发了疝气。Certain petrol tanks in trucks can rupture and burn in a collision.卡车内的某些油箱会在一次碰撞中爆裂起火。The incidents have not yet caused a major rupture in the political ties between countries.这些事件尚未造成各国间政治联系的严重破裂。Brutal clashes between squatters and police yesterday ruptured the city's governing coalition.昨天私自占地者与警察的野蛮冲突使这座城市的执政联盟破裂。
sacrifice  n. 牺牲；祭品；供奉The priest sacrificed a chicken.牧师献祭了一只鸡。...animal sacrifices to the gods.…献给众神的动物祭品。She sacrificed family life to her career.她为了她的事业牺牲了家庭生活。Kitty Aldridge has sacrificed all for her first film.姬蒂•奥尔德里奇为了她的第一部电影牺牲了一切。She made many sacrifices to get Anita a good education.为了让安尼塔受到良好教育，她做出了很多牺牲。
saddle  n. 鞍，鞍状物；车座；拖具Why don't we saddle a couple of horses and go for a ride?为什么我们不给几匹马配上鞍骑着转转？I want to be gone from here as soon as we can saddle up.我想一配好鞍就离开这儿。
scarce  adj. 缺乏的，不足的；稀有的Food was scarce and expensive.食物匮乏而且昂贵。Jobs are becoming increasingly scarce.工作职位变得越来越少。It probably would be a good idea if you made yourself scarce.如果你溜走倒可能是个好主意。
scramble  vt. 攀登；使混杂，仓促凑成；扰乱Tourists were scrambling over the rocks looking for the perfect camera angle.旅行者们爬上岩石，寻找最完美的拍摄角度。Ann threw back the covers and scrambled out of bed.安掀开被子，急忙下了床。More than three million fans are expected to scramble for tickets.预计会有三百万以上的歌迷抢购门票。...the scramble for jobs.…工作的竞争。Make the toast and scramble the eggs.烤面包，炒鸡蛋。...scrambled eggs and bacon.…炒蛋和熏咸肉。The system lets you encrypt or scramble the data that's sent between machines.这个系统可以让你对机器间互发的数据作加密或扰频处理。
scrutiny  n. 详细审查；监视；细看；选票复查His private life came under media scrutiny.他的私生活开始受到媒体的密切关注。
seal  n. 密封；印章；海豹；封条；标志He sealed the envelope and put on a stamp.他封好信封，贴了张邮票。Write your letter and seal it in a blank envelope.写好你的信，然后将其封入一个空信封。She filled the containers, sealed them with a cork, and stuck on labels.她装满那些容器，用塞子封了口，然后贴上了标签。A woman picks them up and seals them in plastic bags.一位女士拣起它们，然后把它们封入各塑料袋中。When assembling the pie, wet the edges where the two crusts join, to form a seal.捏合馅饼时，弄湿两块面皮封合的边缘，以形成一个封口。Check seals on fridges and freezers regularly.定期检查冰箱和冰柜的密封装置。The seal on the box broke when it fell from its hiding-place.盒子从隐藏处掉下时上面的封口破了。...a supply of note paper bearing the presidential seal.…一批盖有总统印章的便条纸。The soldiers were deployed to help paramilitary police seal the border.这些士兵们被调去协助准军事警察封锁边境。Police and troops sealed off the area after the attack.警察和军队在袭击发生后封锁了该地区。McLaren are close to sealing a deal with Renault.麦克拉伦即将和雷诺尔特达成一笔交易。A general election will be held which will seal his destiny one way or the other.一场将左右他命运的大选即将举行。
seal  n. 密封；印章；海豹；封条；标志He sealed the envelope and put on a stamp.他封好信封，贴了张邮票。Write your letter and seal it in a blank envelope.写好你的信，然后将其封入一个空信封。She filled the containers, sealed them with a cork, and stuck on labels.她装满那些容器，用塞子封了口，然后贴上了标签。A woman picks them up and seals them in plastic bags.一位女士拣起它们，然后把它们封入各塑料袋中。When assembling the pie, wet the edges where the two crusts join, to form a seal.捏合馅饼时，弄湿两块面皮封合的边缘，以形成一个封口。Check seals on fridges and freezers regularly.定期检查冰箱和冰柜的密封装置。The seal on the box broke when it fell from its hiding-place.盒子从隐藏处掉下时上面的封口破了。...a supply of note paper bearing the presidential seal.…一批盖有总统印章的便条纸。The soldiers were deployed to help paramilitary police seal the border.这些士兵们被调去协助准军事警察封锁边境。Police and troops sealed off the area after the attack.警察和军队在袭击发生后封锁了该地区。McLaren are close to sealing a deal with Renault.麦克拉伦即将和雷诺尔特达成一笔交易。A general election will be held which will seal his destiny one way or the other.一场将左右他命运的大选即将举行。
segment  vi. 分割...the poorer segments of society.…社会中的较贫困阶层。Peel all the fruit except the lime and separate into segments.除了酸橙之外，把所有的水果剥皮并分成瓣。The other children stood around the circle, one in each segment.其他孩子围着圆圈而站,每一半圈里站着一个孩子。
sentiment  n. 感情，情绪；情操；观点；多愁善感Public sentiment rapidly turned anti-American.公众的情绪迅速转向反美。He's found growing sentiment for military action.他已经发现支持军事行动的情绪在日益增长。I must agree with the sentiments expressed by John Prescott.我必须同意约翰·普雷斯科特表达的观点。Laura kept that letter out of sentiment.劳拉出于伤感保留了那封信。
setback  n. 挫折；退步；逆流The move represents a setback for the Middle East peace process.此举意味着中东和平进程的倒退。
shatter  vt. 粉碎；打碎；破坏；破掉；使散开...safety glass that won't shatter if it's broken.…安全玻璃即使破了也不会粉碎。The car shattered into a thousand burning pieces in a 200 mph crash.这辆轿车在时速200英里的碰撞中裂成了数以千计燃烧着的碎片。...the shattering of glass.…玻璃的粉碎。A failure would shatter the hopes of many people.一次失败会粉碎很多人的希望。He had been shattered by his son's death.儿子的死使他很受打击。
shed  vt. 流出；摆脱；散发；倾吐...a garden shed.…一个园艺工具棚。...a vast factory shed.…一座巨大的厂房。Some of the trees were already beginning to shed their leaves.有些树已经开始落叶了。The firm is to shed 700 jobs.这个公司将裁掉700个工作岗位。They will shed a few tears at their daughter's wedding.他们在女儿的婚礼上会落些泪。...young warriors, eager to shed blood.…渴望洒热血的年轻武士们。
shed  vt. 流出；摆脱；散发；倾吐...a garden shed.…一个园艺工具棚。...a vast factory shed.…一座巨大的厂房。Some of the trees were already beginning to shed their leaves.有些树已经开始落叶了。The firm is to shed 700 jobs.这个公司将裁掉700个工作岗位。They will shed a few tears at their daughter's wedding.他们在女儿的婚礼上会落些泪。...young warriors, eager to shed blood.…渴望洒热血的年轻武士们。
sheer  adj. 绝对的；透明的；峻峭的；纯粹的His music is sheer delight.他的音乐是纯粹的快乐。Sheer chance quite often plays an important part in sparking off an idea.纯粹的运气常常在激发思想方面起着重要的作用。There was a sheer drop just outside my window.就在我的窗外有一个陡坡。...sheer black tights.…极薄的黑色紧身衣。
shove  vt. 挤；强使；撞；猛推He shoved her out of the way.他把她推开。He's the one who shoved me.他是推我的那个人。She gave Gracie a shove toward the house.她把格雷西向那所房子猛地一推。We shoved a copy of the newsletter beneath their door.我们在他们的门下塞了一份时事通讯。If push comes to shove, if you should lose your case in the court, what will you do?如果情况不妙，你在法庭上输了官司，你会怎么办？
signature  n. 署名；签名；信号I was writing my signature at the bottom of the page.我当时正把我的签名写在本页的底部。
simplicity  n. 朴素；简易；天真；愚蠢The apparent simplicity of his plot is deceptive.他的阴谋貌似简单，却具有欺骗性。
slide  n. 滑动；幻灯片；滑梯；雪崩She slid the door open.她把门滑开了。I slid the wallet into his pocket.我把那钱包滑进了他的口袋。He slid into the driver's seat.他悄悄地坐到了司机的座位上。She had slid into a depression.她不知不觉地抑郁寡欢起来。The dollar continued to slide.美元继续下跌。...the dangerous slide in oil prices.…石油价格危险的下跌。...a slide show.…幻灯片放映。...a drop of blood on a slide.…载物玻璃片上的一滴血。...two young children playing on a slide.…在玩滑梯的两个年幼的孩子。
smash  vt. 粉碎；使破产；溃裂Someone smashed a bottle.有人打碎了一个瓶子。A crowd of youths started smashing windows.一群年轻人开始打碎窗户。The demonstrators used trucks to smash through embassy gates.示威者们用卡车撞破大门闯进大使馆。The bottle smashed against a wall.那瓶子撞到了一面墙上。Their attempts to clean up politics and smash the power of party machines failed.他们整治政治和搞垮党派组织权力的企图失败了。
snatch  n. 抢夺；抓举；小量Mick snatched the cards from Archie's hand.米克一把夺过阿彻手里的牌。He snatched up the telephone.他一把抓起了电话。If your bag is snatched, let it go.如果你的包被抢走，就随它去吧。I snatched a glance at the mirror.我乘机瞥了一眼镜子。The American came from behind to snatch victory by a mere eight seconds.美国队后来居上，仅以8秒钟的优势赢得了胜利。I heard snatches of the conversation.我听到几段零星的谈话。
solo  n. 独奏；独唱；独奏曲He had just completed his final solo album.他刚刚完成他最后一张个人专辑。...Daniel Amokachi's spectacular solo goal.…丹尼尔•阿莫卡奇精彩的个人进球得分。Charles Lindbergh became the very first person to fly solo across the Atlantic.查尔斯•林白成为第一个单独飞越大西洋的人。The original version featured a guitar solo.原版以吉他独奏为特色。
sore  adj. 疼痛的，痛心的；剧烈的，极度的；恼火的，发怒的；厉害的，迫切的It's years since I've had a sore throat like I did last night.我已经好多年没有像昨晚那样嗓子痛了。The result is that they are now all feeling very sore at you.结果是他们现在都很生你的气。Our backs and hands were covered with sores and burns from the ropes.我们的背和手到处是绳索导致的伤口和灼伤。The continuing presence of American troops on Korean soil remains a very sore point with these students.美国军队继续驻留在韩国领土依然是令这些学生极其恼怒的事情。
sparkle  n. 闪耀；火花；活力The jewels on her fingers sparkled.她手指上的珠宝闪闪发光。His bright eyes sparkled.他明亮的双眼炯炯有神。...the sparkle of coloured glass.…彩色玻璃的闪光。...sparkles of light.…光的闪烁She sparkles, and has as much zest as a person half her age.她聪慧而有朝气，且有着与比她年龄小一半的人一样多的热情。There was little sparkle in their performance.他们的表演平庸而了无生气。He is sparkling and versatile in front of the camera.他在摄影机前聪颖机智、多才多艺。
spectrum  n. 光谱；频谱；范围；余象She'd seen his moods range across the emotional spectrum.她见过他在各种情感间的情绪变化。Politicians across the political spectrum have denounced the act.政界圈各派政客都谴责了这种行为。
spice  n. 香料；情趣；调味品；少许...herbs and spices.…各种香草和香料。They spiced their conversations and discussions with intrigue.他们通过设谜为他们的谈话和讨论增加乐趣。Her publisher wants her to spice up her stories with sex.她的出版商想要她用色情给她的故事增添趣味。
spite  n. 不顾；恶意；怨恨Josef Krips at the State Opera hired her in spite of the fact that she had never sung on stage.国家歌剧院的约瑟夫•克里普斯雇佣了她，尽管她从未在台上演唱过。The blunt comment made Richard laugh in spite of himself.那率直的评论使得理查德不由自主地笑了起来。I refused her a divorce, out of spite I suppose.我拒绝了她离婚的要求，我想是出于怨恨。Pantelaras was giving his art collection away for nothing, to spite Marie and her husband.潘特拉拉斯将他的艺术收藏品无偿赠送了，存心惹怒玛丽和她的丈夫。
split  vt. 分离；使分离；劈开；离开；分解In a severe gale the ship split in two.在一次强劲的大风中那艘船断成了两半。If the chicken is fairly small, you may simply split it in half.要是鸡不太大，你把它分成两半就行。Yet it is feared the Republican leadership could split over the agreement.然而人们担心共和党领导层可能会因该协议而出现分裂。The Kremlin is deeply split in its approach to foreign policy.克里姆林宫在对外政策的看法上严重分歧。They accused both radicals and conservatives of trying to provoke a split in the party.他们指责激进人士和保守人士都企图挑起党内分歧。...a split between what is thought and what is felt.…所想和所感之间的区别。The seat of his grey trousers split.他的那条灰色裤子的臀部裂开了。The plastic-covered seat has a few small splits around the corners.那个有塑料套的座位的角边周围有几处小裂缝。I would rather pay for a meal than watch nine friends pick over and split a bill.我宁愿付整顿饭钱而不愿看着9个朋友仔细算计、分摊账单。
spray  n. 喷雾，喷雾剂；喷雾器；水沫The moon was casting a rainbow through the spray from the waterfall.月亮在瀑布溅起的水雾中映出了一道彩虹。...hair spray.…头发喷剂A sprayer hooked to a tractor can spray five gallons onto ten acres.挂在拖拉机上的喷雾器用五加仑液量能喷洒十英亩地。Inmates threw bricks at prison officers who were spraying them with a hose.囚犯们朝那些用水管向他们喷水的狱警们抛掷砖头。A shower of mustard seeds sprayed into the air and fell into the grass.许多芥籽溅到空中，然后掉进草地里。The intensity of the blaze shattered windows, spraying glass on the streets below.熊熊烈焰烧碎了窗户，玻璃碎片飞溅到了下面的街道上。He ran to the top of the building, spraying bullets into shoppers below.他冲向楼顶，向下面的购物者扫射。The bare metal was sprayed with several coats of primer.裸露的金属被喷了几层底漆。He doesn't spray against pests or diseases.他没有喷农药来防治害虫或疾病。Confine the use of insecticides to the evening and do not spray plants that are in flower.只限晚间使用杀虫剂，并且不要对花期植物喷药。Farmers can use the spray to kill weeds without harming the soy crop.农民们能用喷雾器来除草而不伤大豆作物。
stale  adj. 陈腐的；不新鲜的Their daily diet consisted of a lump of stale bread, a bowl of rice, and stale water.他们的日常饮食包括一块不新鲜的面包、一碗米饭，还有不新鲜的水。...the smell of stale sweat.…汗臭味。Her relationship with Mark has become stale.她和马克的关系已变得乏味了。
stall  n. 货摊；畜栏；托辞The Social Democratic Party has vowed to try to stall the bill until the current session ends.该社会民主党已立誓设法暂停该议案直至当前会议结束。...but the peace process stalled.…但是和平进程暂停了。Thomas had spent all week stalling over his decision.托马斯花了整周的时间迟迟不做决定。The shop manager stalled the man until the police arrived.那个商场经理把那人拖住直到警察赶到。The engine stalled.发动机突然熄火了。...market stalls selling local fruits.…出售当地水果的市场摊位。With the balcony blocked off, patrons filled most of the stalls.楼厅包厢被封闭了，赞助人几乎坐满了舞台前方的座位。She went into the shower stall, turned on the water, and grabbed the soap.她走进淋浴间，打开水，抓起香皂。
staple  n. 主要产品；订书钉；主题；主食Rice is the staple food of more than half the world's population.大米是世界上半数以上人口的主食。The Chinese also eat a type of pasta as part of their staple diet.中国人也以一种面食作为他们的部分主食。Fish is a staple in the diet of many Africans.鱼是许多非洲人饮食中的主食。Political reporting has become a staple of American journalism.政治报道已经成为美国新闻业的一个重要内容。Staple some sheets of paper together into a book.用订书钉把一些纸张订成一本。
staple  n. 主要产品；订书钉；主题；主食Rice is the staple food of more than half the world's population.大米是世界上半数以上人口的主食。The Chinese also eat a type of pasta as part of their staple diet.中国人也以一种面食作为他们的部分主食。Fish is a staple in the diet of many Africans.鱼是许多非洲人饮食中的主食。Political reporting has become a staple of American journalism.政治报道已经成为美国新闻业的一个重要内容。Staple some sheets of paper together into a book.用订书钉把一些纸张订成一本。
stereotype  vt. 使用铅版；套用老套，使一成不变There's always been a stereotype about successful businessmen.对成功的商人们总有一种成见。He was stereotyped by some as a renegade.他被一些人带着成见视为一名叛逆者。
strand  n. 线；串；海滨She tried to blow a grey strand of hair from her eyes.她试图吹开眼前的一缕白发。The climbers had been stranded by a storm.这些登山者被暴风雨困住了。
strand  n. 线；串；海滨She tried to blow a grey strand of hair from her eyes.她试图吹开眼前的一缕白发。The climbers had been stranded by a storm.这些登山者被暴风雨困住了。
striking  adj. 显著的，突出的，惊人的；打击的；罢工的The most striking feature of those statistics is the high proportion of suicides.那些统计数据最显著的特征是高自杀率。He bears a striking resemblance to Lenin.他与列宁有着不同寻常的相似之处。In one respect, however, the men really were strikingly similar.然而，在一方面，这些男人的确惊人地相似。...a strikingly handsome man.…一个异乎寻常地英俊的男人。She was a striking woman with long blonde hair.她曾是一个留着金色长发的俊秀女子。
strive  vi. 努力；奋斗；抗争He strives hard to keep himself very fit.他努力使自己保持非常的健康。
stroke  n. （游泳或划船的）划；中风；（打、击等的）一下；冲程；（成功的）举动；尝试；轻抚Carla, curled up on the sofa, was smoking a cigarette and stroking her cat.卡拉蜷曲在沙发上，抽着一支烟，轻抚着她的猫。He had a minor stroke in 1987, which left him partly paralysed.他在1987年患了轻度中风，这使他半身不遂了。Fill in gaps by using short, upward strokes of the pencil.用铅笔画出短的、向上的笔画来填空。I turned and swam a few strokes further out to sea.我转过身又向海里游了几下。She spent hours practising the breast stroke.她花了几个小时练习蛙泳。On the stroke of 12, fireworks suddenly exploded into the night.12点的钟声敲响时，焰火突然冲破了夜空。Compton was sending the ball here, there, and everywhere with each stroke.康普顿把球发到这儿，发到那儿，每一次击球都打到不同地方。It didn't rain, which turned out to be a stroke of luck.天没下雨，结果成为一次好运。At the time, his appointment seemed a stroke of genius.当时，他的任命似乎是天才之举。I never did a stroke of work in college.我在大学里从来不干一点儿活。
stubborn  adj. 顽固的；顽强的；难处理的He is a stubborn character used to getting his own way.他是一个固执的人，过去常常随心所欲。He stubbornly refused to tell her how he had come to be in such a state.他固执地拒绝告诉她自己是如何落到这种地步的。This treatment removes the most stubborn stains.这种处理去掉了最难以去除的污渍。Some interest rates have remained stubbornly high.一些利率仍然一直居高不下。
subordinate  n. 下属，下级；部属，属下Haig tended not to seek guidance from subordinates.黑格不想向下属们寻求指导。Sixty of his subordinate officers followed his example.他的60个下级官员都以他为榜样。It was an art in which words were subordinate to images.它是一种语言比图像次要的艺术。He was both willing and able to subordinate all else to this aim.他既愿意也能够让别的一切从属于这个目标。...the social subordination of women.…妇女们的社会从属地位。
subsequent  adj. 后来的，随后的...the increase of population in subsequent years.…随后几年中的人口增长。He subsequently worked on Boeing's 747, 767 and 737 jetliner programmes.他后来从事了波音747、767 和 737喷气式飞机的项目。
substitute  n. 代用品；代替者They were substituting violence for dialogue.他们那时在以暴力代替对话。He was substituting for the injured William Wales.他那时在代替受伤的威廉·威尔士。In my experience a straight substitution of carob for chocolate doesn't work.以我的经验，角豆直接代替巧克力不会奏效。She is seeking a substitute for the very man whose departure made her cry.他在寻找一个男人的替代者，这个男人的离去曾使她伤心落泪。The printed word is no substitute for personal discussion with a great thinker.印刷字无法替代与伟大思想家的当面交流。Jefferson entered as a substitute in the 60th minute.杰斐逊在第60分钟时作为替补队员上了场。
succession  n. 连续；继位；继承权；[生态] 演替Adams took a succession of jobs which have stood him in good stead.亚当斯做了一连串对他很有利的工作。She is now seventh in line of succession to the throne.她目前排在王位继任顺序的第7位。
sue  vt. 控告；请求Mr. Warren sued for libel over the remarks.沃伦先生对那些评论提起诽谤诉讼。The company could be sued for damages.该公司会因所造成的损失被起诉。
suicide  n. 自杀；自杀行为；自杀者She tried to commit suicide on several occasions.她曾几次试图进行自杀。...a case of attempted suicide.…一个自杀未遂的案子。
summon  vt. 召唤；召集；鼓起；振作Howe summoned a doctor and hurried over.豪叫了一位医生，匆忙赶过去了。Suddenly we were summoned to the interview room.突然我们被召唤进了面试室。It took her a full month to summon the courage to tell her mother.她用了整整一个月的时间才鼓起勇气告诉了母亲。Painfully shy, he finally summoned up courage to ask her to a game.尽管他非常腼腆，最终还是鼓起了勇气邀她去看一场比赛。
superiority  n. 优越，优势；优越性We have air superiority.我们有空中优势。
supreme  adj. 最高的；至高的；最重要的MacArthur was Supreme Commander for the allied powers in the Pacific.麦克阿瑟是太平洋盟军的最高司令官。...the Supreme Court.…最高法院。Her approval was of supreme importance.她的认可是极其重要的。She does her job supremely well.她工作得极其出色。
surrender  vt. 使投降；放弃；交出；听任General Martin Bonnet called on the rebels to surrender.马丁·邦尼特将军要求反叛分子们投降。...the government's apparent surrender to demands made by the religious militants.…政府对宗教好战分子所提要求的明显屈从。Nadja had to fill out forms surrendering all rights to her property.纳贾不得不填写表格，放弃对她财产的所有权利。...the sixteen-day deadline for the surrender of weapons and ammunition.…交出武器弹药的16天期限。They have been ordered to surrender their passports.他们已被命令交出他们的护照。
susceptible  adj. 易受影响的；易感动的；容许…的Young people are the most susceptible to advertisements.年轻人最容易受广告影响。James was extremely susceptible to flattery.詹姆斯非常容易受奉承话的影响。Walking with weights makes the shoulders very susceptible to injury.负重行走使肩膀很容易受伤。
suspect  n. 嫌疑犯I suspect they were right.我觉得他们是正确的。The above complaints are, I suspect, just the tip of the iceberg.上述的这些抱怨，我觉得，不过是冰山的一角。He suspected that the woman staying in the flat above was using heroin.他怀疑住在楼上公寓里的那位女子在吸食海洛因。It was perfectly all right, he said, because the police had not suspected him of anything.一点儿没事，他说，因为警察对他没有任何怀疑。Police have arrested a suspect in a series of killings and sexual assaults in the city.警方逮捕了该城市一系列杀人强奸案件中的一名嫌疑犯。Delegates evacuated the building when a suspect package was found.一个可疑包裹被发现后，代表们撤离了这栋大楼。
swell  vi. 膨胀；肿胀；隆起The human population swelled, at least temporarily, as migrants moved south.随着移民们南移，人口便增加了，至少是暂时增加了。His bank balance has swelled by $222,000 in the last three weeks.他的银行存款在过去的3周里增加了$222,000。Do your ankles swell at night?你的脚踝晚上会肿吗？When you develop a throat infection or catch a cold the glands in the neck swell up.当你咽喉发炎或感冒时, 脖子上的腺体会肿起来。
tame  adj. 驯服的；平淡的；乏味的；顺从的They never became tame; they would run away if you approached them.它们从没有被驯服，如果你靠近，它们就跑开了。These ideas may seem tame today, but they were inflammatory in his time.这些想法今天看来也许是平淡乏味的，但在他那个时代却是很有煽动性的。The Amazons were believed to have been the first to tame horses.亚马逊人被认为是最早驯化了马的人。
tan  n. （日晒后皮肤的）黝黑色；棕褐色；鞣料；马戏团She is tall and blonde, with a permanent tan.她个子高，一头金发，皮肤黝黑。I have very pale skin that never tans.我肤色很白，永远晒不黑。Their skin was tanned and glowing from their weeks at the sea.他们在海上呆了几个星期，皮肤晒得黑里泛红。tan gloves
tangle  n. 纠纷；混乱状态A tangle of wires is all that remains of the computer and phone systems.乱糟糟的一团电线是电脑和电话系统留下来的全部。Animals get tangled in fishing nets and drown.动物被缠在渔网里淹死了。Her hair tends to tangle.她的头发易打结。to tangle with the police
temptation  n. 引诱；诱惑物Will they be able to resist the temptation to buy?他们能抵抗得住购买的诱惑吗？
tender  adj. 温柔的；柔软的；脆弱的；幼稚的；难对付的Her voice was tender, full of pity.她的声音很温柔，充满了怜悯。Mr. White tenderly embraced his wife.怀特先生温柔地拥抱了妻子。He took up the game at the tender age of seven.他在7岁的小小年纪就开始从事这项运动。Cook for a minimum of 2 hours, or until the meat is tender.至少煮两个小时，或一直煮到肉软了为止。My tummy felt very tender.我的肚子一碰就痛。There is still some tenderness in her ankle.她的脚踝还有些触痛。Builders will then be sent the specifications and asked to submit a tender for the work.然后建筑商们将会接到设计说明并被邀请参与此项工程的投标。The staff are forbidden to tender for private-sector work.员工们禁止投标私营部门的工程。to tender one's resignationtender a bid
tension  n. 张力，拉力；紧张，不安；电压Smiling and laughing has actually been shown to relieve tension and stress.微笑和大笑确实已证明能缓解紧张和压力。The tension between the two countries is likely to remain.两国之间的紧张局面可能持续。The film explored the tension between public duty and personal affections.该片探讨了公共义务和个人情感之间的冲突。As the cable wraps itself around the wheel, there is provision for adjusting the tension of the cable.缆绳绕在轮子上时就留了调整缆绳松紧的余地。
terminal  n. 末端；终点；终端机；极限...terminal cancer.…晚期癌症。The patient is terminally ill.这个病人病入膏肓。Plans are underway for a new terminal at Dulles airport.正计划在杜勒斯机场修建新的航站大楼。Carl sits at a computer terminal 40 hours a week.卡尔每周要在电脑前坐40小时。...the positive terminal of the battery.…电池的正极。
vocal  adj. 歌唱的；声音的，有声的He has been very vocal in his displeasure over the results.他直言不讳地说出了对结果的不满。...a wider range of vocal styles.…更多样的嗓音风格。
warrant  n. 根据；证明；正当理由；委任状The allegations are serious enough to warrant an investigation.指控已严重得有必要进行一番调查。Police confirmed that they had issued a warrant for his arrest.警方证实他们已对他签发了拘捕令。
whirl  n. 旋转，回旋；昏乱；一连串的事；短暂的旅行Not receiving an answer, she whirled around.没有得到答复，她猛地转过身来。He was whirling Anne around the floor.他正与安妮旋转起舞。...the barely audible whirl of wheels.…几乎听不见的轮子转动声。In half an hour's whirl of activity she does it all.在半个小时马不停蹄的忙碌中，她做完了这一切。Why not give acupuncture a whirl?为什么不试试针灸？
withstand  vt. 抵挡；禁得起；反抗...armoured vehicles designed to withstand chemical attack.…设计来抵御化学攻击的装甲车。
wretched  adj. 可怜的；卑鄙的；令人苦恼或难受的Wretched woman, he thought, why the hell can't she wait?讨厌的女人，他想，她怎么就不能等等呢？I feel really confused and wretched.我真的感到迷惑和难过。
zone  n. 地带；地区；联防Many people have stayed behind in the potential war zone.许多人留在了可能交战的地带。The area has been declared a disaster zone.该地区已被宣布为灾难带。The land was not zoned for commercial purposes.这块地未被划为商业用地。...the use of zoning to preserve agricultural land.…使用分区制以保留农业用地。
abolish  vt. 废除，废止；取消，革除An Illinois House committee voted Thursday to abolish the death penalty.伊利诺伊州议院的一个委员会在星期四投票废除了死刑。
abrupt  adj. 生硬的；突然的；唐突的；陡峭的Rosie's idyllic world came to an abrupt end when her parents' marriage broke up.当她的父母婚姻破裂后，罗茜的田园诗一般的世界骤然结束了。He stopped abruptly and looked my way.他突然停住，向我看了过来。He was abrupt to the point of rudeness.他唐突到了无礼的地步。"Good night, then," she said abruptly.“那么，晚安”，她唐突地说道。
abuse  n. 滥用；虐待；辱骂；弊端；恶习，陋习...investigation of alleged child abuse.…对涉嫌虐待儿童的调查。...victims of sexual and physical abuse.…性虐待和肉体摧残的受害者们。I was left shouting abuse as the car sped off.当车加速离去时，我在那里破口大骂。What went on here was an abuse of power.这里发生的情况是职权的滥用。Janet had been abused by her father since she was eleven.詹妮特自从11岁起就被她的父亲虐待。...parents who feel they cannot cope or might abuse their children.…感到自己不能应付或可能虐待孩子的家长们。He alleged that he was verbally abused by other soldiers.他声称他被其他士兵们口头侮辱了。He showed how the rich and powerful can abuse their position.他揭露了有钱有势的人会如何滥用他们的地位。
accelerate  vt. 使……加快；使……增速Growth will accelerate to 2.9 percent next year.增长明年将加快到2.9%。Suddenly the car accelerated.突然车加速了。
accession  n. 增加；就职；到达...the anniversary of the king's accession to the throne.…国王继承王位周年纪念。
accessory  n. 配件；附件；[法] 从犯...an exclusive range of hand-made bedroom and bathroom accessories.…一个高档系列的手工制作的卧室及卫生间设备附件。It also has a good range of accessories, including sunglasses, handbags and belts.它还有多种配饰，包括墨镜、手包和皮带。She had been charged with being an accessory to the embezzlement of funds from a cooperative farm.她已被指控为挪用一个合作农场资金的一个从犯。
accord  n. 符合；一致；协议；自愿UNITA was legalized as a political party under the 1991 peace accords.根据1991年和平协议，安盟作为一个政党被合法化了。His predecessor was accorded an equally tumultuous welcome.他的前任受到了同样热烈的欢迎。On his return home, the government accorded him the rank of Colonel.在他回国时，该国政府授予他上校军衔。In many cases the disease will clear up of its own accord.在很多情况下这种疾病会自动地痊愈。He did not quit as France's prime minister of his own accord.他不是自愿地辞去法国总理一职的。
accountable  adj. 有责任的；有解释义务的；可解释的Public officials can finally be held accountable for their actions.政府官员最终是要对他们的行为负责任的。...a drive toward democracy and greater accountability.…一场促进民主和增强责任心的运动。
acquisition  n. 获得物，获得；收购...the acquisition of a profitable paper recycling company.对一家有利润的废纸回收公司的收购。How did you go about making this marvellous acquisition then?那么你是怎么着手进行这宗不可思议的购置的？...language acquisition.…语言习得。
actuality  n. 现状；现实；事实In actuality, Ted did not have a disorder but merely a difficult temperament.事实上，特德并没有什么异常而只是脾气不好。It exists in dreams rather than actuality.它于梦想而非实际中存在。
adhere  vi. 坚持；依附；粘着；追随All members of the association adhere to a strict code of practice.所有该协会的成员都遵守严格的业务守则。Small particles adhere to the seed.微小的粒子紧贴着种子。
adjoin  vi. 毗连，邻接The doctor's bedroom adjoined his wife's and the door between the rooms was always open.这位医生的卧室紧邻他妻子的卧室，两间房之间的门总是开着的。
admittance  n. 进入；入场权；通道We had not been able to gain admittance to the flat.我们还未能获得进入那所公寓的权利。
advantageous  adj. 有利的；有益的Free exchange of goods was advantageous to all.自由商品交易对大家都有利。
adventurous  adj. 爱冒险的；大胆的；充满危险的Warren was an adventurous businessman.沃伦是一位有冒险精神的商人。He had always wanted an adventurous life in the tropics.他一直都想要一种在热带丛林里的冒险生活。
aerial  adj. 空中的，航空的；空气的；空想的Weeks of aerial bombardment had destroyed factories and motorways.数周的空袭已经摧毁了各工厂和公路。Patterns that are invisible on the ground can be the most striking part of an aerial photograph.在地面上看不见的图案可能是空中照片中最为醒目的部分。
affirm  vt. 肯定；断言The court affirmed that the information can be made public under the Freedom of Information Act.法院公开肯定了此信息能依据《自由信息法案》公之于众。...a speech in which he affirmed a commitment to lower taxes.…在其中他公开肯定了减税承诺的一次演讲。The North Atlantic Treaty begins with the affirmation that its parties "reaffirm their faith in the purposes and principles of the Charter of the United Nations."《北大西洋公约》以公开肯定其成员“重申其对《联合国宪章》的目的以及原则的信念”开头。Everything I had accomplished seemed to affirm that opinion.我所做成的每件事似乎都证实了那个观点。The ruling was a welcome affirmation of the constitutional right to free speech.此裁决是对言论自由这一宪法权利的受人欢迎的肯定。
affix  vt. 粘上；署名；将罪责加之于
aggregate  vi. 集合；聚集；合计The rate of growth of GNP will depend upon the rate of growth of aggregate demand.国民生产总值的增长率将依赖于总需求的增长率。
airborne  adj. [航] 空运的；空气传播的；风媒的The pilot did manage to get airborne.这位飞行员的确使飞机升空了。The allies landed thousands of airborne troops.同盟国投下了成千上万的空降部队。Many people are allergic to airborne pollutants such as pollen.许多人对空气中花粉之类的污染物质过敏。
aisle  n. 通道，走道；侧廊...the frozen food aisle.…冷冻食品的货架通道。
allege  vt. 宣称，断言；提出…作为理由She alleged that there was rampant drug use among the male members of the group.她指称该组织中有大量的男性成员吸毒。The accused is alleged to have killed a man.该被告据称杀了一个男子。
alleviate  vt. 减轻，缓和Nowadays, a great deal can be done to alleviate back pain.如今，很多方法可以被用来减轻背部疼痛。Their energies were focused on the alleviation of the refugees' misery.他们把精力集中在了对难民苦难的减轻上。
alliance  n. 联盟，联合；联姻The two parties were still too much apart to form an alliance.这两个党派分歧大得还不能形成联盟。The Socialists' electoral strategy has been based on a tactical alliance with the Communists.社会党人的参选策略一直以和共产党人的战略性结盟为基础。
thermal  adj. 热的；热量的；保热的...thermal power stations.…热电站。Volcanic activity has created thermal springs and boiling mud pools.火山活动产生了温泉和沸腾的泥浆池。...thermal underwear.…保暖内衣My feet were like blocks of ice despite the thermal socks.我的双脚尽管穿着保暖袜，还是像冰块。Have you got your thermals on?你穿上保暖衣了吗？Birds use thermals to lift them through the air.鸟类利用上升的暖气流升空。
threshold  n. 入口；门槛；开始；极限；临界值He stopped at the threshold of the bedroom.他在卧室门口停了下来。Moss has a high threshold for pain and a history of fast healing.莫斯的忍痛力很强，而且有迅速愈合的经历。We are on the threshold of a new era in astronomy.我们将迈入天文学的新时代。
tick  vt. 标记号于；滴答地记录A wind-up clock ticked busily from the kitchen counter.一个上了发条的时钟在厨房案台上不停地嘀嗒作响。A grandfather clock ticked away in a corner.一个落地式大钟在墙角嘀嗒作响。...the endless ticking of clocks.…时钟没完没了的嘀嗒声。He sat listening to the tick of the grandfather clock.他坐着倾听那个落地式大钟的嘀嗒声。The company produces chemicals that destroy ticks and mites.该公司生产消灭壁虱和螨虫的化学品。To request your free gift, please tick the appropriate box below.需要免费礼品的，请在下面相关的框中打勾。
timely  adj. 及时的；适时的The recent outbreaks of cholera are a timely reminder that this disease is still a serious health hazard.最近几次爆发的霍乱是一个适时的提醒，该疾病依然是个严重的健康危害。
timid  adj. 胆小的；羞怯的A timid child, Isabella had learned obedience at an early age.伊莎贝拉是一个羞怯的孩子，很小的时候就已经学会了顺从。She doesn't ridicule my timidity.她不会嘲笑我的羞怯。
tone  n. 语气；色调；音调；音色Cross could hear him speaking in low tones to Sarah.克罗斯可以听到他在低声对萨拉说话。I still didn't like his tone of voice; he sounded angry and accusing.我仍然不喜欢他说话的语气；他的声音听起来好像是怒气冲冲地在指责人。The tone of the letter was very friendly.这封信的语气相当友好。There were no stores that would lower the tone of the area.没有一家商店会降低该地区的氛围。...stretch exercises that improve muscle tone.…提高肌肉结实度的伸展锻炼。This movement lengthens your spine and tones the spinal nerves.该运动能伸展你的脊柱，强健脊髓神经。Try these toning exercises before you start the day.试着在开始新的一天前练练这些健身操。Exercise tones up your body.运动强健身体。Each brick also varies slightly in tone, texture and size.每块砖在色调、质地和尺寸上也略有不同。I can't get a dial tone on this phone.我在这部电话上听不到拨号音。
trail  vt. 追踪；拖；蔓延；落后于He was following a trail through the trees.他正沿着一条崎岖小路穿过树林。...a large area of woodland with hiking and walking trails.…有徒步旅行和散步路线的大片林区。Everywhere in the house was a sticky trail of orange juice.房子里到处都是粘乎乎的橙汁印迹。Two detectives were trailing him.两个侦探正在跟踪他。During a recent speech on the campaign trail, he was interrupted by hecklers.在最近的一次竞选巡回演讲中，他被诘问者打断了。She came down the stairs slowly, trailing the coat behind her.她慢慢地走下楼梯，身后拖着大衣。The police were hot on his trail.警方正紧紧跟踪他。
transaction  n. 交易；事务；办理；会报，学报The transaction is completed by payment of the fee.交易在支付费用之后就完成了。
traverse  n. 穿过；横贯；横木I traversed the narrow pedestrian bridge.我走过了那座狭窄的步行桥。
tremendous  adj. 极大的，巨大的；惊人的；极好的I felt a tremendous pressure on my chest.我感到胸口有股巨大的压力。I thought they played tremendously well, didn't you?我认为他们表演得非常好，你不觉得吗？I thought it was absolutely tremendous.我觉得它绝对精彩。
tribute  n. 礼物；[税收] 贡物；颂词；（尤指对死者的）致敬，悼念，吊唁礼物The song is a tribute to Roy Orbison.这首歌是敬献给罗伊·奥比森的。His success has been a tribute to hard work, to professionalism.他的成功是辛勤工作和兢兢业业的结果。
trigger  vt. 引发，引起；触发A man pointed a gun at them and pulled the trigger.一个男人用枪指着他们，扣动了扳机。...trigger devices for nuclear weapons.…核武器的引爆装置。The thieves must have deliberately triggered the alarm and hidden inside the house.那些小偷一定是故意触发了报警器，然后藏在屋子里。...the incident which triggered the outbreak of the First World War.…引起第一次世界大战爆发的事件。It is still not clear what events triggered off the demonstrations.还不清楚是什么事件引发了示威。Stress may act as a trigger for these illnesses.压力也许是引发这些疾病的一个原因。
trivial  adj. 不重要的，琐碎的；琐细的The director tried to wave aside these issues as trivial details that could be settled later.那位主任对这些问题置之不理，视它们为可以后解决的无关紧要的细节。
tuck  vt. 卷起；挤进；用某物舒适地裹住；使有褶裥；收拢；大口吃；使隐藏He tried to tuck his flapping shirt inside his trousers.他试图把飘动的衬衫塞进他的裤子里。She'd undergone 13 operations, including a tummy tuck.她做过13次手术，包括1次腹部减脂。
turbulent  adj. 骚乱的，混乱的；狂暴的；吵闹的；激流的，湍流的They had been together for five or six turbulent years of break-ups and reconciliations.他们在一起度过了分分合合动荡不定的五六年。I had to have a boat that could handle turbulent seas.我必须有一条能应付汹涌海浪的船。
turnover  n. 翻覆；[贸易] 营业额；流通量；半圆卷饼；失误The company had a turnover of $3.8 million.那个公司拥有380万美元的营业额。Short-term contracts increase staff turnover.短期合同会增加员工的流动率。
underestimate  vt. 低估；看轻None of us should ever underestimate the degree of difficulty women face in career advancement.我们谁都不应低估妇女在职业发展中所面临的困难程度。I think a lot of people still underestimate him.我认为许多人仍然低估了他。
undertake  vt. 承担，保证；从事；同意；试图She undertook the task of monitoring the elections.她承担了监督选举的任务。He undertook to edit the text himself.他承诺亲自编辑正文。
underway  adj. 进行中的；起步的；航行中的An investigation is underway to find out how the disaster happened.一项调查正在进行，以查明这场灾难是如何发生的。It was a cold evening, winter well underway.那是个寒冷的夜晚，冬天早已来临。
update  vt. 更新；校正，修正；使现代化He was back in the office, updating the work schedule on the computer.他回到办公室，在计算机上更新了工作日程。Airlines would prefer to update rather than retrain crews.航空公司宁愿增添新机组人员而不愿对老的机组人员进行再培训。She had heard the newsflash on a TV channel's news update.她在电视频道的新闻快讯里听到了这条简短报道。...a weather update.…最新天气预报。We'll update you on the day's top news stories.我们将向你提供当天的头条新闻。
utilize  vt. 利用Sound engineers utilize a range of techniques to enhance the quality of the recordings.音响工程师利用一系列的技术来提高录音质量。...the utilization of human resources.…人力资源的利用。
vacant  adj. 空虚的；空的；空缺的；空闲的；茫然的Halfway down the bus was a vacant seat.这辆公共汽车中部有个空座。The position of chairman has been vacant for some time.主席的职位已经空缺一段时间了。She had a kind of vacant look on her face.在她脸上有一种茫然的表情。He looked vacantly out of the window.他茫然地望着窗外。
vain  adj. 徒劳的；自负的；无结果的；无用的The drafting committee worked through the night in a vain attempt to finish on schedule.起草委员会徒劳地通宵工作想按期完成工作。He hunted vainly through his pockets for a piece of paper.他徒劳地摸索着自己的口袋想找到一张纸。He married his fourth wife, Susan, in the vain hope that she would improve his health.他怀着她能改善自己健康的徒然希望娶了第4个妻子苏珊。He then set out for Virginia for what he vainly hoped would be a peaceful retirement.于是他出发前往弗吉尼亚，徒然地希望这会是一次平静的引退。He wasn't so vain as to think he was smarter than his boss.他还没有自负到以为他比自己的上司还精明。He stopped at the door, waiting in vain for her to acknowledge his presence.他停在门口，徒然地等着她跟自己打招呼。He wants the world to know his son did not die in vain.他想让世人知道他儿子的死不是毫无意义的。
valid  adj. 有效的；有根据的；合法的；正当的They put forward many valid reasons for not exporting.他们提出了许多有根据的理由来反对出口。The editorial says this argument has lost much of its validity.这篇社论说该论点已失去了其许多合理性。Most designers share the unspoken belief that fashion is a valid form of visual art.大多数设计师都有一种心照不宣的信念，即时尚是视觉艺术的一种重要形式。...the validity of making children wear bicycle helmets.…让孩子们戴自行车头盔的重要性。All tickets are valid for two months.所有的票在两个月内有效。
venture  vt. 敢于...a Russian-American joint venture.…一个俄美合资的风险项目。People are afraid to venture out for fear of sniper attacks.人们不敢冒险外出，害怕狙击手的袭击。"So you're Leo's girlfriend?" he ventured.“那么你就是利奥的女朋友了？”他小心地问道。He ventured that plants draw part of their nourishment from the air.他试探着提出了植物从空气中吸取它们的部分养分的观点。"Don't ask," he said, whenever Ginny ventured to raise the subject.每当金尼冒险提起这个话题时，他总是说∶“你不要问了。”He enjoyed little success when he ventured into business.他在冒险涉足生意时很少成功。
verbal  adj. 口头的；言语的；动词的；照字面的They were jostled and subjected to a torrent of verbal abuse.他们被推来搡去，并受到了潮水般的辱骂。Dave drank heavily and became verbally abusive.戴夫喝多了，嘴里脏话连篇。The test has scores for verbal skills, mathematical skills, and abstract reasoning skills.该项测试对文字表达技能、数学技能和抽象推理技能进行记分。...a verbal noun.…一个动名词。
verify  vt. 核实；查证I verified the source from which I had that information.我核实了我获知那条信息的来源。All charges against her are dropped pending the verification of her story.在她的陈述得到证实前，所有针对她的指控都被撤回。The government has not verified any of those reports.该政府尚未证实那些报道中的任何一个。
versatile  adj. 多才多艺的；通用的，万能的；多面手的He had been one of the game's most versatile athletes.他是这次运动会中最有才能的运动员之一。Aileen stands out for her incredible versatility as an actress.作为一名女演员，艾琳以其难以置信的多才多艺而出类拔萃。Never before has computing been so versatile.计算机技术从未像现在这样用途广泛。Velvet as a fabric is not known for its versatility.天鹅绒作为一种织物并非以其用途广泛而闻名。
versus  prep. 对；与...相对；对抗Only 18.8% of the class of 1982 had some kind of diploma four years after high school, versus 45% of the class of 1972.相对于1972届学生中有45%在中学毕业4年后获得了某种文凭来说，1982届学生的这一比例只有18.8%。Italy versus Japan is turning out to be a surprisingly well matched competition.意大利对日本队的比赛结果是一场出人意料地势均力敌的比赛。That case became known as Healey versus Jones.那起讼案被称作“希利诉琼斯案”。
violate  vt. 违反；侵犯，妨碍；亵渎They went to prison because they violated the law.他们因犯法而入狱。To deprive the boy of his education is a violation of state law.剥夺这个男孩的受教育权是一种违反州法律的行为。These men were violating her family's privacy.这些男人在侵犯她的家庭隐私。Detectives are still searching for those who violated the graveyard.侦探们还在查找那些亵渎了墓地的家伙。The violation of the graves is not the first such incident.亵渎墓地的事件这已不是第一回。
allotment  n. 分配；分配物；养家费；命运His meagre allotment of petrol had to be saved for emergencies.他的天然气的微薄份额必须省下以备急用。
aloft  adv. 在空中；在高处；在上面He held the trophy proudly aloft.他骄傲地把奖杯举向空中。
amend  vt. 修改；改善，改进The president agreed to amend the constitution and allow multi-party elections.总统同意了修正宪法并且允许多党选举。He wanted to make amends for causing their marriage to fail.他想为一手造成他们婚姻的破裂做出补偿。
anew  adv. 重新；再She's ready to start anew.她准备好重新来过。
animate  vt. 使有生气；使活泼；鼓舞；推动Natural philosophy involved the study of all aspects of the material world, animate and inanimate.自然哲学涉及到了对包括有生命体与无生命体的物质世界的全面研究。There was precious little about the cricket to animate the crowd.这场板球比赛极少有让观众兴奋的地方。
annoy  vt. 骚扰；惹恼；打搅Try making a note of the things that annoy you.试着把让你心烦的事记下来。It annoyed me that I didn't have time to do more ironing.没有时间熨更多的衣服让我心烦了。
anticipate  vt. 预期，期望；占先，抢先；提前使用At the time we couldn't have anticipated the result of our campaigning.当时我们不可能预期到我们活动的结果。It is anticipated that the equivalent of 192 full-time jobs will be lost.据预测相当于192个全职的工作将会丧失。What Jeff did was to anticipate my next question.杰夫所做的是预先准备我的下一个问题。
apparatus  n. 装置，设备；仪器；器官For many years, the country had been buried under the apparatus of the regime.多年来，该国一直处于这种政体的统治下。One of the boys had to be rescued by firemen wearing breathing apparatus.其中的一个男孩得由戴着呼吸设备的消防队员们营救。
apparent  adj. 显然的；表面上的I was a bit depressed by our apparent lack of progress.我对我们表面上的缺乏进展感到有点沮丧。It has been apparent that in other areas standards have held up well.显然在其他领域标准保持得良好。The person may become dizzy for no apparent reason.此人可能会莫名其妙地变得头晕目眩。
appendix  n. 附录；阑尾；附加物...a burst appendix.…一个爆裂的阑尾。The survey results are published in full as an appendix to Mr. Barton's discussion paper.该调查结果作为巴顿先生的讨论报告的附录被全文刊出。
appetite  n. 食欲；嗜好He has a healthy appetite.他有健康的胃口。...his appetite for success.…他的成功欲望。
applaud  vt. 赞同；称赞；向…喝彩The audience laughed and applauded.观众欢笑并且鼓掌。He should be applauded for his courage.他应该因其勇气而受到称赞。This last move can only be applauded.这最后的举措不得不受到称赞。
appoint  vt. 任命；指定；约定It made sense to appoint a banker to this job.任命一位银行家做这项工作是合理的。The president has appointed a civilian as defence secretary.总统任命了一位平民做国防部长。
appraisal  n. 评价；估价（尤指估价财产，以便征税）；估计What is needed in such cases is a calm appraisal of the situation.在此类情况下需要的是对形势的冷静估计。One of the most important tools for organizational improvement is the performance appraisal.组织改进的最重要手段之一是业绩评估。It may also be necessary to get a new appraisal of the property.可能还需要对该房产做个新的估价。
appreciate  vt. 欣赏；感激；领会；鉴别Anyone can appreciate our music.任何人都能欣赏我们的音乐。She never really appreciated the depth and bitterness of the family's conflict.她从未真正理解该家庭矛盾的深度与激烈程度。Peter stood by me when I most needed it. I'll always appreciate that.彼得在我最需要时支持了我。我对此将永远感激。They don't have any confidence that houses will appreciate in value.他们对房屋增值没有一点信心。
approximate  vt. 近似；使…接近；粗略估计The approximate cost varies from around $150 to $250.大致的费用在$150至$250之间不等。Approximately $150 million is to be spent on improvements.大概1.5亿美元将花在改进上。They did not have even an approximate idea what the Germans really wanted.他们对于德国人真正想要什么甚至没有一个大致概念。The mixture described below will approximate it, but is not exactly the same.下面所描述的混合物会与之近似，但不完全一样。
apt  adj. 恰当的；有…倾向的；灵敏的The words of this report are as apt today as in 1929.这份报告的措词在当今如在1929年一样恰当。...the beach in the aptly named town of Oceanside.…命名贴切的“海边镇”上的沙滩。She was apt to raise her voice and wave her hands about.她常常提高嗓门并挥舞双手。She had taught him French and he had been an apt student.她教过他法语，他一直是个聪慧的学生。
arch  n. 弓形，拱形；拱门When she passed under the arch leading out of the park, Mira whooped with delight.从通向公园外的拱门下走过时，米拉高兴地喊叫起来。...the arch of the fishing rods.…钓鱼竿的弧线。"Good girl," said Frank, winding the bandages around the arch of her foot.“好姑娘，”弗兰克说道，一边把绷带缠在她的足弓上。Don't arch your back, keep your spine straight.别弓着背，挺直脊梁。
archive  n. 档案馆；档案文件...the State Library's archives.…国立图书馆的档案。...archive material.…档案资料。The system will archive the information so agencies can review it in detail.该系统会将该信息存档，以便各代理机构能对其详细审阅。
armo  n. (Armo)人名；(瑞典)阿尔莫
artful  adj. 巧妙的；狡猾的；有技巧的；欺诈的Some politicians have realized that there are more artful ways of subduing people than shooting or jailing them.一些政客已经意识到有比开枪镇压或监禁更狡猾的征服人民的办法。There is also an artful contrast of shapes.还有一种不同形状的巧妙对比。
artifact  n. 人工制品；手工艺品
assert  vt. 维护，坚持；断言；主张；声称Mr. Helm plans to assert that the bill violates the First Amendment.赫尔姆先生计划坚定地陈述该法案有违《第一修正案》。The defendants, who continue to assert their innocence, are expected to appeal.那些继续宣称其清白的被告预计会上诉。There is no concrete evidence to support assertions that the recession is truly over.没有任何确凿的证据支持经济衰退已真正结束的断言。After the war, the army made an attempt to assert its authority in the south of the country.战后，军队试图在该国南部显示其权威。The decision is seen as an assertion of his authority within the company.这一决定被看作是公司内他的权威的显示。The republics began asserting their right to govern themselves.各共和国开始坚持他们自治的权利。These institutions have made the assertion of ethnic identity possible.这些机构已使种族身份的坚持成为可能。He's speaking up and asserting himself and doing things he enjoys.他现在直言不讳、彰显自我，做着他喜欢做的事。
assimilate  vt. 吸收；使同化；把…比作；使相似There is every sign that new Asian-Americans are just as willing to assimilate.各种迹象表明新的亚裔美籍人简直一样愿意被同化。His family tried to assimilate into the white and Hispanic communities.他的家人努力融入到白人和拉美人社区。They promote social integration and assimilation of minority ethnic groups into the culture.他们提倡少数民族团体与该文化的社会融合及同化。My mind could only assimilate one impossibility at a time.我的头脑一次只能吸纳一件不可能的事情。This technique brings life to instruction and eases assimilation of knowledge.这种技术给教学带来活力，并使知识的吸收更加容易。
atlas  n. 地图集；寰椎
atomic  adj. 原子的，原子能的；微粒子的...atomic energy.…原子能。...the atomic number of an element.…一种元素的原子序数。
attain  vt. 达到，实现；获得；到达Jim is halfway to attaining his pilot's licence.吉姆快要拿到他的飞行员执照了。
attendance  n. 出席；到场；出席人数；考勤Her attendance in school was sporadic.她在学校的出勤率很低。Rain played a big part in the air show's drop in attendance.下雨是这次飞行表演观众数量下降的主要原因。
attendant  adj. 伴随的；侍候的Tony Williams was working as a car park attendant in Los Angeles.托尼·威廉斯当时在洛杉矶的一个停车场做服务生。If the bride pays, she has the right to decide on the style of dress worn by her attendants.如果新娘付费，她有权决定她的婚礼随员穿什么款式。
auction  vt. 拍卖；竞卖The painting is expected to fetch up to $400,000 at auction.这幅画预计在拍卖会上能卖到40万美元。Eight drawings by French artist Jean Cocteau will be auctioned next week.法国艺术家让·科克托的8幅画作将在下周拍卖。
caption  n. 标题；字幕；说明；逮捕The local paper featured me standing on a stepladder with a caption, "Wendy climbs the ladder to success."当地的报纸刊登了一幅我站在活梯上的特写，下面写着：“温迪登上了成功之梯。”
cardinal  n. 红衣主教；枢机主教；鲜红色；【鸟类】(北美)主红雀In 1448, Nicholas was appointed a cardinal.1448年，尼古拉斯被任命为红衣主教。As a salesman, your cardinal rule is to do everything you can to satisfy a customer.作为一名推销员，首要原则就是要尽你所能使客户满意。
carve  vt. 雕刻；切开；开创One of the prisoners has carved a beautiful wooden chess set.有名囚犯雕刻了一副精美的木制国际象棋。I picked up a piece of wood and started carving.我捡起一块木头，刻了起来。He carved his name on his desk.他在书桌上刻了自己的名字。Andrew began to carve the chicken.安德鲁动手切鸡肉。
cast  vt. 投，抛；计算；浇铸；投射（光、影、视线等）The show is very amusing and the cast is very good.表演非常有趣，演员都很优秀。The world premiere of Harold Pinter's new play casts Ian Holm in the lead role.哈罗德·品特新戏的首次全球公演选择伊恩·霍姆扮演主要角色。He was cast as a college professor.他被选扮演大学教授这个角色。He cast a stern glance at the two men.他严厉地瞪了那两名男子一眼。I cast my eyes down briefly.我往下瞅了瞅。The moon cast a bright light over the garden.月亮在院子里撒下清辉。Last night a top criminal psychologist cast doubt on the theory.昨晚，一位顶级的犯罪心理学家让人对该理论生疑。About ninety-five per cent of those who cast their votes approve the new constitution.95%的人投票赞成新宪法。Our door knocker is cast in solid brass.我们的门环是纯铜铸造的。An orthodontist took a cast of the inside of Billy's mouth to make a dental plate.正牙医师从比利的口腔内部取了模型来制作齿板。
catalog  n. [图情][计] 目录；登记
caution  n. 小心，谨慎；警告，警示Extreme caution should be exercised when buying used tyres.买二手轮胎时一定要极其谨慎。Tony cautioned against misrepresenting the situation.托尼告诫说不要歪曲事实。The statement clearly was intended to caution Seoul against attempting to block the council's action again.很显然，这份声明用意在于警告首尔别再试图阻止委员会的行动。There was a note of caution for the treasury in the figures.这些数据向财政部亮出了一个警告。
cautious  adj. 谨慎的；十分小心的The scientists are cautious about using enzyme therapy on humans.科学家们对于人体使用酶疗法持谨慎态度。David moved cautiously forward and looked over the edge.大卫小心翼翼地向前移动，视线越过边缘看过去。
cavity  n. 腔；洞，凹处...a cavity in the roof.…屋顶的一个洞。
cease  vi. 停止；终了At one o'clock the rain had ceased.一点钟时雨已经停了。He never ceases to amaze me.他总让我惊喜不断。The secrecy about the president's condition had ceased to matter.有关总统健康状况的秘密已经不再举足轻重了。The Tundra Times, a weekly newspaper in Alaska, ceased publication this week.阿拉斯加的周报——《苔原时报》于本周停刊。
certificate  vt. 发给证明书；以证书形式授权给…；用证书批准...birth certificates.…出生证明。To the right of the fireplace are various framed certificates.火炉右侧是各式各样加框的证书。
champion  n. 冠军；拥护者；战士...a former Olympic champion.…一位前奥运冠军。Kasparov became world champion.卡斯帕罗夫成了世界冠军。He received acclaim as a champion of the oppressed.他作为被压迫者的捍卫者而受到了赞誉。He passionately championed the poor.他曾热情地捍卫穷人。
chaos  n. 混沌，混乱The world's first transatlantic balloon race ended in chaos last night.世界首次横渡大西洋的气球比赛昨晚在混乱中结束了。
charitable  adj. 慈善事业的；慷慨的，仁慈的；宽恕的...charitable work for the handicapped.…为残疾人做的慈善工作。They were less than charitable toward the referee.他们对裁判员毫不仁慈。
charity  n. 慈善；施舍；慈善团体；宽容；施舍物...an AIDS charity.…一个艾滋病慈善机构。He made substantial donations to charity.他做了大量的慈善捐赠。Gooch will be raising money for charity.古奇将为慈善筹集款项。Her husband is unemployed and the family depends on charity.她的丈夫失业了，全家靠救济度日。
charter  vt. 特许；包租；发给特许执照...Article 50 of the United Nations Charter.…联合国宪章第50条。...the last charter plane carrying out foreign nationals.…运出外国侨民的最后一班包机。He chartered a jet to fly her home from California to Switzerland.他包租了一架喷气式飞机把她从加利福尼亚送回瑞士家中。
choke  vt. 呛；使窒息；阻塞；抑制；扑灭A small child could choke on the doll's hair.小孩子可能会因玩具娃娃的头发而窒息。Dense smoke swirled and billowed, its rank fumes choking her.浓密的烟雾盘旋翻腾，刺鼻的烟味使她窒息。The girl choked to death after breathing in smoke.那位女孩吸入烟雾后窒息而亡。The men pushed him into the entrance of a nearby building, where they choked him with his tie.那些男人把他推进了附近一座大楼的入口处，然后在那里用他的领带将他勒死了。The village's roads are choked with traffic.那个村庄的道路被车辆阻塞住了。It is like driving your car with the choke out all the time.就像一直松着阻气门在开车一样。
chop  n. 砍；排骨；商标；削球Chop the butter into small pieces.把黄油切成小块。Visitors were set to work chopping wood.参观者们被安排去砍木头。...grilled lamb chops.…烤羔羊排。
chord  n. 弦；和弦；香水的基调I could play a few chords on the guitar and sing a song.我能弹一些击他和弦唱一首歌。Mr. Jenkins's arguments for stability struck a chord with Europe's two most powerful politicians.詹金斯先生支持稳定的观点引起了欧洲两位最有权力的政治家的共鸣。
Christ  n. 基督；救世主...the teachings of Christ.…耶稣的训导。
clamp  vt. 夹紧，固定住Many openers have a magnet or set of clamps to grip the open lid.许多开启器是用磁铁或夹具来夹紧要开启的盖子。I watched a couple of cops put a clamp on a green Mercedes.我看到几个警察给一辆绿色奔驰车加上丹佛锁扣。Somebody forgot to bring along the U-bolts to clamp the microphones to the pole.有人忘记带来把麦克风夹在支杆上的U型螺栓。Simon finished dialling and clamped the phone to his ear.西蒙拨完号码，把话筒紧夹在耳朵上。He clamped his lips together.他紧闭双唇。Though the city will no longer clamp cars, illegally parked vehicles will be towed.尽管该城将不再锁扣车辆，违规停放的车辆将被拖走。
clasp  n. 扣子，钩子；握手She clasped the children to her.她紧紧地搂住孩子们。...the clasp of her handbag.…她的手包扣。
classified  adj. 分类的；类别的；机密的He has a security clearance that allows him access to classified information.他有安全许可，这准许他接触机密。
climax  n. 高潮；顶点；层进法；极点For Pritchard, reaching the Olympics was the climax of her career.对普里查德来说，进军奥林匹克运动会是她事业的巅峰。It was the climax to 24 hours of growing anxiety.这是24小时不断升温的焦虑的顶点。The demonstration climaxed two weeks of strikes.游行示威达到了两周罢工的高潮。
cling  vi. 坚持，墨守；紧贴；附着Another man was rescued as he clung to the riverbank.另一个男人因为紧紧抓住了河堤而被救了。She had to cling onto the door handle until the pain passed.她不得不紧紧抓住门的把手，直到疼痛消失为止。Instead, he appears determined to cling to power.反而，他看来坚决要握紧权力不放。Another congressman clung on with a majority of only 18.另一位国会议员在获得仅仅18张多数票的情况下保住了位子。
clip  n. （塑料或金属的）夹子；回纹针；修剪；剪报She took the clip out of her hair.她从头发里取出发夹。...an historical film clip of Lenin speaking.…一段列宁讲话的历史电影片断。He clipped his safety belt to a fitting on the deck.他把安全带扣在甲板的一个固定拴上。I saw an old man out clipping his hedge.我看见一个老人正在外面修剪他的树篱。Kids in his neighbourhood clipped his picture from the newspaper and carried it around.他的街区里的孩子们从报纸上剪下他的照片，随身携带。The truck clipped the rear of a tanker and then crashed into a second truck.卡车意外地撞上了燃料车的尾部，然后又撞上了另一辆卡车。
closet  n. 壁橱；议事室，密室；小房间
coil  vt. 盘绕，把…卷成圈Tod shook his head angrily and slung the coil of rope over his shoulder.托德生气地摇摇头，把那圈绳索甩过肩头。Pythons kill by tightening their coils so that their victim cannot breathe.蟒蛇捕杀时紧紧盘成圈，使猎物无法呼吸。
coincide  vi. 一致，符合；同时发生The exhibition coincides with the 50th anniversary of his death.展会与他50周年忌辰同日。The kids' views on life don't always coincide, but they're not afraid of voicing their opinions.孩子们的生活观未必总是一致，但是他们不怕表达自己的观点。
collapse  vi. 倒塌；瓦解；暴跌A section of the Bay Bridge had collapsed.海湾大桥有一部分坍塌了。The governor called for an inquiry into the motorway's collapse.州长要求对高速公路的坍塌进行调查。His business empire collapsed under a massive burden of debt.他的商业帝国由于债台高筑而瓦解。The coup's collapse has speeded up the drive to independence.那次政变的失败加速推动了独立进程。He collapsed following a vigorous exercise session at his home.他在家中进行了一段时间的剧烈运动后倒下了。A few days after his collapse he was sitting up in bed.他病倒后过了几天就在床上起身坐着了。She arrived home exhausted and barely capable of showering before collapsing on her bed.她到家的时候累极了，几乎无法去淋浴就瘫倒在床上。
commemorate  vt. 庆祝，纪念；成为…的纪念One room contained a gallery of paintings commemorating great moments in baseball history.有一间房间里有一个画廊，陈列着纪念棒球史上伟大时刻的绘画作品。...a march in commemoration of Malcolm X.…一次为纪念马尔科姆·艾克斯而举行的游行。
constituent  n. 成分；选民；委托人He told his constituents that he would continue to represent them to the best of his ability.他告诉他的选民们他会继续竭尽所能代表他们。Caffeine is the active constituent of drinks such as tea and coffee.咖啡因是茶和咖啡这类饮品的活性成分。...a plan to split the company into its constituent parts and sell them separately.…一项把公司拆分为各构成部分然后分别出售的计划。
constitute  vt. 组成，构成；建立；任命Testing patients without their consent would constitute a professional and legal offence.未得病人同意即对其进行试验会构成职业和法律犯罪。China's ethnic minorities constitute less than 7 percent of its total population.中国的少数民族构成总人口的不到7%。
constrict  vt. 压缩；束紧Severe migraines can be treated with a drug that constricts the blood vessels.严重偏头痛可以用一种收缩血管的药物来治疗。She objects to the constant testing because it constricts her teaching style.她反对频繁地测试，因为这约束了她的教学风格。
consultative  adj. 咨询的...the consultative committee on local government finance.…地方政府财政顾问委员会。
contaminate  vt. 污染，弄脏Have any fish been contaminated in the Arctic Ocean?北冰洋里有鱼受到污染了吗?The contamination of the ocean around Puget Sound may be just the beginning.普吉特海湾周围海域的污染可能才开始。
contemporary  n. 同时代的人；同时期的东西She writes a lot of contemporary music for people like Whitney Houston.她为惠特尼·休斯敦等人创作大量当代音乐作品。...drawing upon official records and the reports of contemporary witnesses.…借助官方记录以及当时目击者的证言。Like most of my contemporaries, I grew up in a vastly different world.像我同时代的大多数人一样，我在一个非常不同的世界里长大。
contempt  n. 轻视，蔑视；耻辱He has contempt for those beyond his immediate family circle.他对自己直系亲属以外的人都心怀蔑视。
continuity  n. 连续性；一连串；分镜头剧本...a tank designed to ensure continuity of fuel supply during aerobatics.…为特技飞行中确保持续供油而设计的油箱。
convene  vt. 召集，集合；传唤Last August he convened a meeting of his closest advisers at Camp David.去年8月份，他在戴维营召集他最亲近的顾问开了一次会。
converge  vt. 使汇聚Hundreds of tractors will converge on the capital.成百上千的拖拉机将向首都聚集。As they flow south, the five rivers converge.这5条河向南流，最终汇合在一起。
convert  vt. 使转变；转换…；使…改变信仰The signal will be converted into digital code.信号将被转变成数字编码。...naturally occurring substances which the body can convert into vitamins.…可以在身体内转化成维生素的天然物质。By converting the attic, they were able to have two extra bedrooms.通过改建阁楼，他们又多出了两间卧室。...the entrepreneur who wants to convert County Hall into a hotel.…想把县政大厅改建成旅馆的企业家。Save money by converting your car to run on used vegetable oil.通过改装你的汽车使其燃烧用过的植物油来省钱。Converting metric measurements to U.S. equivalents is easy.把公制度量衡换算成美制度量衡很容易。If you try to convert him, you could find he just walks away.如果你想让他改变信仰，他会扭头就走。He was a major influence in converting Godwin to political radicalism.戈德温主要在他的影响下信仰了政治激进主义。She, too, was a convert to Roman Catholicism.她也改信罗马天主教了。As recent converts to vegetarianism and animal rights, they now live with a menagerie of stray animals.作为最近开始热衷素食主义和动物权利保护的人们，他们现在和一群流浪动物生活在一起。
convict  vt. 证明…有罪；宣告…有罪In 1977 he was convicted of murder and sentenced to life imprisonment.在1977年，他因谋杀被判处终生监禁。There was insufficient evidence to convict him.没有足够的证据证明他有罪。...Neil Jordan's tale of two escaped convicts who get mistaken for priests.…尼尔·乔丹的两个越狱囚犯被误认为是牧师的故事。
cord  n. 绳索；束缚The door had been tied shut with a length of nylon cord.这扇门已经被一段尼龙绳紧紧栓住了。...electrical cord.…电源接线。...an extension cord.…电源延长线。
cordial  adj. 热忱的，诚恳的；兴奋的He had never known him to be so chatty and cordial.他以前从来不知道他是这样一个健谈而友善的人。They all greeted me very cordially and were eager to talk about the new project.他们非常友善地和我打招呼，很想谈谈新项目。
corps  n. 军团；兵种；兵队；（德国大学的）学生联合会...the Army Medical Corps.…陆军医疗部队。...seventy-five men, all combat veterans, all members of The Corps' most exclusive unit.…75名士兵，全都是作战老手、海军陆战队最精锐部队的成员。...the diplomatic corps.…外交使团。
correlate  vi. 关联Obesity correlates with increased risk for hypertension and stroke.过度肥胖与高血压和中风的发病风险增加密切相关。The political opinions of spouses correlate more closely than their heights.与身高匹配相比，配偶之间的政治观点更为接近。Attempts to correlate specific language functions with particular parts of the brain have not advanced very far.试图把特定的语言功能和大脑特定区域相联系的努力还没有取得很大进展。
correspond  vi. 符合，一致；相应；通信Racegoers will be given a number which will correspond to a horse running in a race.观看赛马的观众将领到一个与参赛马匹相对应的号码。The two maps of the Rockies correspond closely.这两张落基山脉的地图极为相似。The rise in interest rates was not reflected in a corresponding rise in the dollar.利率上调没有反映在相应的美元增值上。She still corresponds with friends she met in Majorca nine years ago.她依然和9年前在马略卡岛遇到的朋友们通信。
corrode  vt. 侵蚀；损害He has devised a process for making gold wires which neither corrode nor oxidize.他发明了一种制造程序，使金线既不会腐蚀也不会氧化。Engineers found the structure had been corroded by moisture.工程师们发现这个构件已经被湿气腐蚀了。The investigators found that the underground pipes were badly corroded.调查人员发现地下管道已是严重腐蚀的。
corrupt  adj. 腐败的，贪污的；堕落的...to save the nation from corrupt politicians of both parties.…把国家从两党腐败的政客们手中解救出来。It is sad to see a man so corrupted by the desire for money and power.看到一个人被金钱和权力欲望所腐蚀很可悲。Power tends to corrupt.权力容易造成腐化。...warning that television will corrupt us all.…电视会使我们所有人堕落的警示。
costume  n. 服装，装束；戏装，剧装Even from a distance, the effect of his fox costume was stunning.即使从远处看，他的狐装造型也非常漂亮。The performers, in costume and makeup, were walking up and down backstage.演员们穿着戏服化着妆，在后台走来走去。...men and women in eighteenth-century costume.…身着18世纪服装的男男女女。...a lavish costume drama set in Ireland and the U.S. in the 1890s.…以19世纪90年代的爱尔兰和美国为背景的一部大型古装戏。
counsel  n. 法律顾问；忠告；商议；讨论；决策He had always been able to count on her wise counsel.他总是能够指望她明智的忠告。My advisers counselled me to do nothing.我的顾问建议我不要做任何事情。...a psychologist who counsels people with eating disorders.…一名向饮食紊乱症患者提供咨询的心理医生。Singleton's counsel said after the trial that he would appeal.庭审之后辛格尔顿的辩护律师说他会上诉。
counterclockwise  adj. 反时针方向的The dance moves in a counterclockwise direction.这个舞是逆时针移动的。
courageous  adj. 有胆量的，勇敢的The children were very courageous.孩子们都很勇敢。
coward  n. 懦夫，懦弱的人She accused her husband of being a coward.她指责自己的丈夫是个胆小鬼。
crackdown  n. 镇压；（美）制裁；强制取缔；惩罚...anti-government unrest that ended with the violent army crackdown.…因遭到暴力武装镇压而告终的反政府动乱。
cradle  n. 摇篮；发源地；发祥地；支船架I cradled her in my arms.我把她小心轻柔地抱在怀中。
craft  n. 工艺；手艺；太空船With great difficulty, the fisherman manoeuvred his small craft close to the reef.渔夫艰难地驾着小船靠近了礁石。...the arts and crafts of the North American Indians.…北美印第安人的美术工艺。...the craft of writing.…写作工作。The windows would probably have been crafted in the latter part of the Middle Ages.这些窗户可能是中世纪后期精制而成。...original, hand-crafted bags at affordable prices.…价格适中的独创手工包。
crane  n. 吊车，起重机；鹤The little prefabricated hut was lifted away by a huge crane.那间小小的预制棚屋被一台巨大的起重机吊走了。She craned her neck to get a better view.她伸长脖子以便看得清楚一些。Children craned to get close to him.孩子们伸长脖子想靠近他。
credible  adj. 可靠的，可信的Her claims seem credible to many.她的说法似乎在许多人看来是可信的。Mr. Robertson would be a credible candidate.罗伯逊先生将是一名有希望成功的候选人。
crossroads  n. 十字路口；交叉路口；聚会的中心地点（crossroad的复数形式）Turn right at the first crossroads.在第一个十字路口向右转。The company was clearly at a crossroads.这个公司显然正处于紧要关头。
diffuse  adj. 弥漫的；散开的Over time, however, the technology is diffused and adopted by other countries.然而，随着时间的推移，这项技术在其它国家得以传播并使用。...to diffuse new ideas obtained from elsewhere.…传播从别处获得的新思想。...the development and diffusion of ideas.…思想的发展和传播。The presidents will meet to try and diffuse the tensions that threaten to reignite the conflict.总统们将举行会晤以试图缓解可能重新引发冲突的紧张局面。Diffusing a light also reduces its power.使光线漫射也会减弱其能量。It allows nicotine to diffuse slowly and steadily into the bloodstream.它使尼古丁缓慢、稳步地扩散到血液当中。There are data on the rates of diffusion of molecules.有一些关于分子的扩散速率的数据。
dilemma  n. 困境；进退两难；两刀论法He was faced with the dilemma of whether or not to return to his country.他面临着是否回国的艰难选择。
dimension  n. 方面;[数] 维；尺寸；次元；容积 vt. 标出尺寸There is a political dimension to the accusations.这些指控含有政治因素。Drilling will continue on the site to assess the dimensions of the new oilfield.钻探还将继续在现场进行以估测新油田的大小。The dimensions of the market collapse, in terms of turnover and price, were certainly not anticipated.股市崩盘的规模，无论从成交量还是价格来看，都是出乎意料的。
disapprove  vt. 不赞成；不同意Most people disapprove of such violent tactics.多数人不赞同这类暴力手段。
discern  vt. 识别；领悟，认识You need a long series of data to be able to discern such a trend.你需要一大串数据才能认清这一趋势。Below the bridge we could just discern a narrow, weedy ditch.在桥下我们仅可隐约看见一条狭窄的、杂草丛生的沟壑。
disclose  vt. 公开；揭露Neither side would disclose details of the transaction.双方都不会透露交易的细节。
discreet  adj. 谨慎的；小心的They were gossipy and not always discreet.他们爱说闲话，而且不总是言语谨慎。I took the phone, and she went discreetly into the living room.我拿了电话，她就谨慎地到客厅去了。We were very discreet about the romance.我们对这一段罗曼史守口如瓶。Everyone worked to make him welcome, and, more discreetly, to find out about him.大家都尽力使他受欢迎，且更为小心地去了解他。She is wearing a noticeably stylish, feminine dress, plus discreet jewellery.她穿着一条非常时髦、有女人味的连衣裙，配以小巧的首饰。...stately houses, discreetly hidden behind great avenues of sturdy trees.…那些豪宅，隐隐约约掩藏在茂密的林荫大道后面。
discrepancy  n. 不符；矛盾；相差...the discrepancy between press and radio reports.…报刊报道与广播报道之间的差异。
discriminate  vt. 歧视；区别；辨别He is incapable of discriminating between a good idea and a terrible one.他没能力在一个好主意和一个坏主意之间进行区分。They believe the law discriminates against women.他们认为这项法律歧视妇女。...legislation which would discriminate in favour of racial minorities.…会偏向少数民族的法规。
disgust  n. 厌恶，嫌恶He spoke of his disgust at the incident.他谈到了对此事的厌恶。He disgusted many with his boorish behaviour.他以其粗鲁的行为使许多人感到厌恶。
dispatch  n. 派遣；急件He had been continually dispatching scouts ahead.他一直不断地派遣侦察员到前面去。The dispatch of the task force is purely a contingency measure.派遣特遣队纯粹是应急措施。The victory inspired him to dispatch a gleeful telegram to Roosevelt.胜利鼓舞了他发喜电给罗斯福。We have 125 cases ready for dispatch.我们有125个待发的箱子。
dispense  vt. 分配，分发；免除；执行The union had already dispensed $60000 in grants.工会已经分发了6万美元的补助金。For two weeks, the cash machine spewed out receipts apologizing for its inability to dispense money.两周了，自动取款机就输出了一些因其无法提款而致歉的凭条。Health officials hope to begin dispensing anti-retroviral drugs on a wide scale at the beginning of next year.卫生官员们希望在明年年初开始大规模配发抗逆转录病毒药物。
disposal  n. 处理；支配；清理；安排Do you have this information at your disposal?这个资料你能随意使用吗？...methods for the permanent disposal of radioactive wastes.…放射性废料的永久清除方法。
distil  vi. 蒸馏；提炼；渗出The whisky had been distilled in 1926 and sat quietly maturing until 1987.这瓶威士忌是1926年被蒸馏的，存放至1987年酿造成熟。Any faults in the original cider stood out sharply after distillation.苹果酒原浆中的任何瑕疵蒸馏后就会突现出来。The oil is distilled from the berries of this small tree.这种油是从这种小树的浆果中提炼的。The distillation of rose petals to produce rosewater almost certainly originated in Ancient Persia.用玫瑰花瓣提炼制造玫瑰水几乎可以肯定是起源于古波斯。Reviews are distilled from articles previously published in the main column.评论文章荟萃了发表于各大专栏文章的精华。Eventually passion was distilled into the natural beauty of a balmy night.激情最终融入了芬芳夜晚的自然美之中。The material below is a distillation of his work.下面的材料是他著作的精萃。
distinct  adj. 明显的；独特的；清楚的；有区别的Engineering and technology are disciplines distinct from one another and from science.工程学和工艺学是互不相同的学科，也不同于理科。...a banking industry with two distinctly different sectors.…有两个截然不同部门的银行业。...to impart a distinct flavour with a minimum of cooking fat.…加入最少量的烹调油脂做出独特的风味。I distinctly heard the loudspeaker calling passengers for the Washington-Miami flight.我清楚地听到扩音器在呼叫由华盛顿飞往迈阿密的旅客。Now that Tony was no longer present, there was a distinct change in her attitude.现在托尼不在场了，她的态度就发生了明显变化。I distinctly remember wishing I had not got involved.我清楚地记得我巴不得自己没有参与进去。Being 6ft 3in tall has some distinct disadvantages!身高6英尺3英寸有明显的劣势！His government is looking distinctly shaky.他的政府看起来显然岌岌可危。There's a lot of evidence that oily fish, as distinct from fatty meat, has a beneficial effect.大量证据显示，含油的鱼与肥肉不同，具有益处。
diversion  n. 转移；消遣；分散注意力...armed robbers who escaped after throwing smoke bombs to create a diversion.…在扔出烟雾弹造成注意力分散之后逃跑的武装抢劫犯们。A slight diversion in the road is causing major headaches for businesses along El Camino Real.马路上的一小段绕行道让国王大道沿街的商家十分头疼。...the illegal diversion of profits from secret arms sales.…销售秘密武器所得收益的非法转移。
divine  adj. 神圣的；非凡的；天赐的；极好的He suggested that the civil war had been a divine punishment.他暗示此次内战是上天的惩罚。The law was divinely ordained.此法律为神授。Her carrot cake is divine.她的胡萝卜饼好吃极了。
dizzy  adj. 晕眩的；使人头晕的；昏乱的；心不在焉的；愚蠢的Her head still hurt, and she felt slightly dizzy and disoriented.她的头还在痛，感觉有些眩晕，分不清方向。His head injury causes dizziness and nausea.他头部受伤引起眩晕和呕吐。She is famed for playing dizzy blondes.她以扮演没头脑但招人喜爱的金发美女而闻名。I escalated to the dizzy heights of director's secretary.我逐渐升到了主任秘书这样的职位。
dodge  n. 躲闪；托词I dodged back into the alley and waited a minute.我往后一闪，躲进胡同里等了一会儿。He desperately dodged a speeding car trying to run him down.他拼命地闪身躲开一辆高速撞向自己的汽车。He boasts of dodging military service by feigning illness.他吹嘘说自己装病逃过了兵役。This was not just a tax dodge.这不仅仅是逃税的问题。
dole  n. 失业救济金；赈济物；施舍品
draft  n. 汇票；草稿；选派；（尤指房间、烟囱、炉子等供暖系统中的）（小股）气流I rewrote his rough draft, which was published under my name.我改写了他那篇以我的名义发表了的初稿。I faxed a first draft of this article to him.我把这篇文章的初稿传真给他。Payments must be made in U.S. dollars by a bank draft drawn to the order of the United Nations Postal Administration.付款必须用开给联合国邮政管理处的银行汇票，并以美元支付。Block drafts around doors and windows.挡住门窗周围的风。He drafted a letter to the editors.他草拟了一封给编辑的信。During the Second World War, he was drafted into the U.S. Army.第二次世界大战期间，他应征加入美国陆军。She hoped that Fox could be drafted to run the organization.她希望福克斯能够被选派来掌管这个组织。...his effort to avoid the draft.…他逃避兵役的努力。
drought  n. 干旱；缺乏...a country where drought and famines have killed up to two million people during the last eighteen years.…过去18年来干旱和饥荒致死达两百万人的一个国家。
dub  vt. 配音；轻点；打击；授予称号Today's session has been widely dubbed as a "make or break" meeting.今天的会议被大众称为“不成则散”的会议。It was dubbed into Spanish for Mexican audiences.它已为墨西哥观众配成西班牙语了。a dub mix
dwarf  vi. 变矮小His figure is dwarfed by the huge red McDonald's sign.他的个子被巨大的红色麦当劳招牌衬得格外矮小。...dwarf shrubs.…过于矮小的灌木丛。
dynamic  adj. 动态的；动力的；动力学的；有活力的He seemed a dynamic and energetic leader.他看来是个富有创新力与活力的领导。He's one of the most dynamically imaginative jazz pianists of our time.他是我们这个时代最具活跃想像力的爵士乐钢琴演奏家之一。South Asia continues to be the most dynamic economic region in the world.南亚仍然是世界上最具活力的经济区。...a dynamic, evolving worldwide epidemic.…一次不断变化发展的、世界范围内的疾疫流行。The dynamic of the market demands constant change and adjustment.市场的动力要求有不断的变化和调整。What is needed is insight into the dynamics of the social system.所需要的就是对社会制度反动力的洞悉。
eclipse  vt. 使黯然失色；形成蚀...an eclipse of the sun.…一次日食。...the solar eclipse on May 21.…5月21日的日食。...the space programme has been eclipsed by other pressing needs.…这项太空计划和其他的紧迫需要相比已经黯然失色了。
elapse  vi. 消逝；时间过去Forty-eight hours have elapsed since his arrest.他被捕后48小时已经过去了。
elegant  adj. 高雅的，优雅的；讲究的；简炼的；简洁的Patricia looked beautiful and elegant as always.帕特丽夏看上去跟往常一样美丽优雅。The furniture managed to combine practicality with elegance.这家具结合了实用与优雅。The document impressed me with its elegant simplicity.这份文件以其精妙的简约给我留下了深刻的印象。...an elegantly simple idea.…一个精妙地简单的主意。
eloquent  adj. 意味深长的；雄辩的，有口才的；有说服力的；动人的I heard him make a very eloquent speech at that dinner.我听他在那次晚餐上做了一次很有说服力的演说。...the eloquence of his prose.…他散文的说服力。He was eloquent about his love of books.他善于谈论他对书籍的热爱。She can speak with an eloquence that is almost inspirational.她能用一种近乎激发灵感的口才发言。
emancipate  vt. 解放；释放Catholics were emancipated in 1792.天主教徒在1792年获得了解放。That war preserved the Union and emancipated the slaves.那场战争保住了联邦政府，解放了奴隶。...the emancipation of women.…妇女的解放。
fantastic  adj. 奇异的；空想的；异想天开的；古怪的；极好的，极出色的；不可思议的；不切实际的I have a fantastic social life.我有着极好的社交生活。...fantastic amounts of money.…几笔巨款。...a fantastically expensive restaurant.…一家极其昂贵的餐馆。
feast  vt. 享受；款待，宴请Lunch was a feast of meat and vegetables, cheese, yoghurt and fruit, with unlimited wine.午餐是一场盛宴，有肉、蔬菜、奶酪、酸奶和水果，以及不限量的葡萄酒。The fruit was often served at wedding feasts.婚宴上常有水果供应。The Jewish feast of Passover began last night.犹太人的宗教节日逾越节昨晚开始了。They feasted well into the afternoon on mutton and corn stew.他们尽情享用玉米炖羊肉，一直吃到下午。Only a few feet away, their captors feasted in the castle's banqueting hall.仅仅几英尺外，俘获他们的人在城堡的宴会厅里大吃大喝。The feasting, drinking, dancing and revelry continued for several days.宴会、畅饮、跳舞和狂欢持续了几天。She stood feasting her eyes on the view.她站着尽情欣赏着那片景色。
feat  n. 功绩，壮举；技艺表演A racing car is an extraordinary feat of engineering.赛车是工程学的一项非凡业绩。
fellowship  n. 团体；友谊；奖学金；研究员职位...the National Schizophrenia Fellowship.…全国精神分裂协会。He was offered a research fellowship at Yale.他得到了一个耶鲁大学的研究员职位。...a sense of community and fellowship.…一种社群归属感和友谊感。
fiction  n. 小说；虚构，编造；谎言Immigrant tales have always been popular themes in fiction.移民故事一直是小说的流行主题。The truth or fiction of this story has never been truly determined.这个故事是真实还是虚构，一直没有定论。Total recycling is a fiction.完全回收利用是假象。
fitting  n. 装配，装置；试穿，试衣...brass light fittings.…黄铜灯具配件。...industrial fittings for kitchen and bathroom.…工业化生产的厨卫配件。She lunched and shopped and went for fittings for clothes she didn't need.她吃过午饭就去购物，还试穿那些她根本不需要的衣服。...a detailed list of what fixtures and fittings are included in the purchase price.…哪些固定装置和可拆除装置包含在购价中的一份详细清单。A solitary man, it was perhaps fitting that he should have died alone.他是个独居的人，或许他本应该孤独地死去才合适。He closed out his career, fittingly, by hitting a home run.他以一记本垒打恰当地结束了自己的棒球生涯。
fixture  n. 设备；固定装置；固定于某处不大可能移动之物...a detailed list of what fixtures and fittings are included in the purchase price.…详细列出的室内设施与装备包括在购买价格中。
flap  n. 拍打，拍打声；神经紧张；[航] 襟翼Grey sheets flapped on the clothes line.灰色的床单在晾衣绳上飘动。The bird flapped its wings furiously.那只鸟儿使劲地拍打着翅膀。...a kid running and flapping her arms.…一个边跑边像小鸟一样上下扇动着双臂的小女孩。He drew back the tent flap and strode out into the blizzard.他拉开帐篷的门帘，大步走进了暴风雪中。...the sudden slowing as the flaps were lowered.…副翼降下时的突然减速。
flatter  vt. 奉承；谄媚；使高兴I knew she was just flattering me.我知道她只是在奉承我。I flatter myself that this campaign will put an end to the war.我自以为这次战役将结束这场战争。that dress flatters her
fling  vt. 掷，抛；嘲笑；使陷入；轻蔑地投射；猛动The woman flung the cup at him.那女人使劲把杯子朝他扔过去。He flung himself to the floor.他突然跳到了地板上。She flung her arms around my neck and kissed me.她猛地搂住我的脖子吻了我。The youth got him by the front of his shirt and flung him to the ground.那个年轻人抓住他的衬衫前襟把他推倒在地。Peter flung his shoes into the corner.彼得把他的鞋扔到了角落里。She flung herself into her career.她投身于自己的事业中。She claims she had a brief fling with him 30 years ago.她声称30年前曾跟他有过一段短暂的风流韵事。
flock  n. 群；棉束（等于floc）They kept a small flock of sheep.他们养了一小群绵羊。These cases all attracted flocks of famous writers.这些案例均吸引了大批知名作家。The public has flocked to the show.公众蜂拥而去看那场演出。The criticisms will not stop people flocking to see the film.这些批评阻止不了涌向看这部影片的人潮。
flourish  n. 兴旺；茂盛；挥舞；炫耀；华饰Business flourished and within six months they were earning 18,000 roubles a day.生意兴隆，6个月中他们每天挣18000卢布。Boston quickly became a flourishing port.波斯顿迅速成为一个繁荣的港口。The plant flourishes particularly well in slightly harsher climes.这种植物在较为恶劣一点的气候中长得特别茂盛。...a flourishing fox population.…不断繁衍的狐狸群。He flourished the glass to emphasize the point.他挥舞着杯子来强调这一点。He took his cap from under his arm with a flourish and pulled it low over his eyes.他挥手从腋下取出帽子，拉低帽檐盖住眼睛。
fluctuate  vi. 波动；涨落；动摇Body temperature can fluctuate if you are ill.如果你病了，体温会波动。Don't worry about tiny fluctuations in your weight.不用担心你体重的轻微波动。
foam  n. 泡沫；水沫；灭火泡沫The water curved round the rocks in great bursts of foam.水流卷绕着岩石产生大量的泡沫。...shaving foam.…剃须泡沫。...modern three-piece suites filled with foam rubber.…塞满海绵的现代3件套。
foil  vt. 衬托；阻止，挡开；挫败；贴箔于Pour cider around the meat and cover with foil.在肉的四周倒上苹果酒，然后盖上箔纸。A brave police chief foiled an armed robbery by grabbing the raider's shotgun.一个勇敢的警长夺过歹徒的猎枪，挫败了一起武装抢劫。
foremost  adj. 最重要的；最先的He was one of the world's foremost scholars of ancient Indian culture.他是世界上最优秀的古印度文化学者之一。It is first and foremost a trade agreement.它首先是一项贸易协定。
foresee  vt. 预见；预知He did not foresee any problems.他没有预见到任何问题。
fort  n. 堡垒；要塞；（美）边界贸易站His business partner is holding the fort while he is away.他的生意伙伴在他不在的时候代他处理事务。"I'll hold down the fort until he's back," Clark said.“在他回来之前我会代他处理事务，”克拉克说。
forthcoming  adj. 即将来临的...his opponents in the forthcoming elections.…他在即将到来的选举中的对手们。They promised that the money would be forthcoming.他们承诺说钱会到位的。One source predicts no major shift in policy will be forthcoming at the committee hearings.有一消息预言在委员会听证会上不会有政策上的重大变动。William, sadly, was not very forthcoming about any other names he might have, where he lived or what his phone number was.很遗憾，威廉在有关他可能有的其它名字、他的住处或者电话号码等方面不太愿意提供信息。
foul  adj. 犯规的；邪恶的；污秽的；淤塞的...foul polluted water.…污染了的、又脏又臭的水。The teachers had to deal with her foul language, disruptive behaviour, and low academic performance.老师们不得不应付她粗俗的语言、捣乱的行为和不良的学业成绩。Collins was in a foul mood even before the interviews began.柯林斯甚至在面试开始之前就处于暴躁情绪。No amount of foul weather, whether hail, wind, rain or snow, seems to deter them.不管天气有多恶劣，哪怕是冰雹、大风、雨还是雪，似乎都阻止不了他们。It is an offence to let your dog foul a footpath.让你的狗在人行道上拉屎是一种违法行为。Nowitzki fouled Mitchell early in the third quarter.在第三节早些时候，诺维斯基就对米切尔犯了规。Harridge was charged with a flagrant foul and ejected from the game.哈里基被指恶意犯规并被逐出了比赛。...a foul tackle.…一次犯规的阻截。He had fallen foul of the FBI.他已惹恼了联邦调查局。
fracture  n. 破裂，断裂；[外科] 骨折At least one-third of all women over ninety have sustained a hip fracture.90岁以上的妇女中至少有1/3遭受过髋骨骨折。You've fractured a rib, maybe more than one.你断了一根肋骨，也许不止一根。One strut had fractured and been crudely repaired in several places.一根支柱断裂了，好几处已做了粗略修补。His policy risks fracturing the coalition.他的政策有分裂联盟的危险。
fundamental  adj. 基本的，根本的Our constitution embodies all the fundamental principles of democracy.我们的宪法体现了民主的所有基本原则。A fundamental human right is being withheld from these people.这些人的一项基本人权正被剥夺。But on this question, the two leaders have very fundamental differences.但在这个问题上，这两位领导人有着极根本的分歧。He believes better relations with China are fundamental to the well-being of the area.他相信与中国的更好关系对这个地区的福祉是绝对必要的。The fundamental problem lies in their inability to distinguish between reality and invention.主要问题在于他们不能区分现实和虚构。
fury  n. 狂怒；暴怒；激怒者She screamed, her face distorted with fury and pain.她尖叫着，她的脸因愤怒和痛苦而扭曲了。
fuse  vi. 融合；熔化，熔融The fuse blew as he pressed the button to start the motor.保险丝在他按下按钮发动车子时烧断了。A bomb was deactivated at the last moment, after the fuse had been lit.一枚炸弹在导火线已被点燃后的最后一刻被解除。The skull bones fuse between the ages of fifteen and twenty-five.颅骨在15和25岁之间长合。Manufactured glass is made by fusing various types of sand.人造玻璃是通过熔合不同种类的沙子制造出来的。
fuss  vi. 小题大作；忙乱；焦燥；焦急；无事自扰I don't know what all the fuss is about.我不知道这一切无谓的忙乎是怎么回事。Carol fussed about getting me a drink.卡萝尔忙乎着给我弄杯饮料。My wife was fussing over the food and clothing we were going to take.我妻子在为我们要带的食物和衣服瞎操心。"Stop fussing," he snapped.“别瞎忙了，”他怒斥道。Auntie Hilda and Uncle Jack couldn't fuss over them enough.希尔达婶婶和杰克叔叔再宠爱他们不过了。I don't know why everybody makes such a fuss about a few mosquitoes.我不知道为什么所有人都为几只蚊子发这么大的牢骚。
gamble  vi. 赌博；孤注一掷；投机；打赌Yesterday, he named his cabinet and took a big gamble in the process.昨天他冒了很大的风险任命了他的内阁。Few firms will be willing to gamble on new products.很少有公司愿意在新产品上冒险。They are not prepared to gamble their careers on this matter.他们没准备为此事拿自己的事业来当赌注。Most people visit Las Vegas to gamble their hard-earned money.多数人去拉斯维加斯是为了用他们辛苦赚来的钱赌博。John gambled heavily on the horses.约翰在这几匹马上下了大赌注。
gasp  vi. 喘气；喘息；渴望An audible gasp went around the court as the jury announced the verdict.陪审团宣布判决的时候，法庭上听到倒抽了一口气的声音。She gasped for air and drew in a lungful of water.她倒吸气，吸了一大口水。...the last gasp of a dying system of censorship.…行将结束的审查制度的最后时刻。
gaze  vi. 凝视；注视...gazing at herself in the mirror.…凝视着镜中的她自己。Sitting in his wicker chair, he gazed reflectively at the fire.坐在他的柳条椅中，他若有所思地凝视着火焰。The Monsignor turned his gaze from the flames to meet the Colonel's.这位阁下把他凝视的目光从火焰上移开，与上校的目光相遇。She felt increasingly uncomfortable under the woman's steady gaze.她在那女人目不转睛的凝视下感到愈发不舒服。You won't find a couple more in the public gaze than Michael and Lizzie.你找不到比迈克尔和莉齐更受公众关注的夫妻了。
gear  n. 齿轮；装置，工具；传动装置On hills, he must use low gears.在山上，他必须用低速挡。The car was in fourth gear.那辆汽车处于第4挡。About 100 officers in riot gear were needed to break up the fight.大约需要100名配备防暴装备的警官来结束那场斗殴。...fishing gear.…钓鱼用具。I used to wear trendy gear but it just looked ridiculous.我过去常穿时髦服装，但那看起来简直滑稽。Colleges are not always geared to the needs of mature students.大学并不总是去适应成年学生的需要。My training was geared toward winning gold.我的训练是为赢得金牌去规划的。
generalize  vt. 概括；推广；使...一般化Critics love to generalize, to formulate trends into which all new work must be fitted, however contradictory.评论家喜欢概括，归纳出所有新作品都必须符合的趋势，不管它们是如何地不符。A child first labels the household pet cat as a "cat" and then generalizes this label to other animals that look like it.孩子先把家养的宠物猫称为“猫”，然后把这个称呼扩大到其他看起来像猫的动物。
homogeneous  adj. 均匀的；[数] 齐次的；同种的；同类的，同质的The unemployed are not a homogeneous group.失业者并不都是同一类人。
honorary  adj. 荣誉的；名誉的；道义上的Harvard awarded him an honorary degree.哈佛大学授予他荣誉学位。...the honorary secretary of the Beekeepers' Association.…养蜂人协会的名誉秘书。
hound  vt. 追猎；烦扰；激励Rainey's chief interest in life is hunting with hounds.雷尼一生中的主要嗜好是带着猎犬去打猎。an otterhounda deerhoundNewcomers are constantly hounding them for advice.新来的人老是缠着他们问这问那的。There is a general view around that he has been hounded out of office by the press.人们普遍认为是媒体迫使他离职的。
hurl  vt. 丢下；用力投掷；愤慨地说出Groups of angry youths hurled stones at police.一群群愤怒的年轻人朝着警察猛掷石块。Simon caught the grenade and hurled it back.西蒙接住手榴弹，把它掷了回去。How would you handle being locked in the back of a cab while the driver hurled abuse at you?如果你被锁在出租车后座又遭司机谩骂，你会怎么办？
illicit  adj. 违法的；不正当的Dante clearly condemns illicit love.但丁明确地谴责不正当的恋情。
illuminate  vt. 阐明，说明；照亮；使灿烂；用灯装饰No streetlights illuminated the street.一盏照亮街道的路灯也没有。Instead of formulas and charts, the two instructors use games and drawings to illuminate their subject.这两位教师用游戏和图画而不是公式和图表来阐明他们的题旨。It would be illuminating to hear the views of the club vice-chairman.听听俱乐部副主席的观点或许会有启发。
imitation  n. 模仿，仿造；仿制品...the most accurate imitation of Chinese architecture in Europe.…欧洲最逼真的仿中国建筑。They discussed important issues in imitation of their elders.他们模仿长辈的口气讨论重大问题。...a complete set of Dickens bound in imitation leather.…用人造革装帧的一整套《狄更斯全集》。One boy did an imitation of a soldier with a loudspeaker.一个男孩拿着扬声器学着士兵的样子。
immunize  vt. 使免疫；赋予免疫性We should require that every student is immunized against hepatitis B.我们应该要求每一位学生都注射乙肝疫苗。The monkeys used in those experiments had previously been immunized with a vaccine made from killed infected cells.这些实验中所用的猴子事先都已接种了由死亡的被感染细胞制成的疫苗。...universal immunization against childhood diseases.…为预防儿童疾病的普遍接种疫苗。
imperial  adj. 帝国的；皇帝的；至高无上的；威严的...the Imperial Palace in Tokyo.…东京的皇宫。
implicit  adj. 含蓄的；暗示的；盲从的...an implicit warning to the Moroccans not to continue or repeat the military actions they began a week ago.…叫摩洛哥人不要继续或重复一周前开始的军事行动的含蓄警告。The jury implicitly criticized the government by their verdict.陪审团通过他们的裁决含蓄地批评了政府。Trust is implicit in the system.信任是这种体制里内含的。He had implicit faith in the noble intentions of the Emperor.他对皇帝的崇高旨意笃信不疑。I trust him implicitly.我绝对信任他。
imprison  vt. 监禁；关押；使…下狱He was imprisoned for 18 months on charges of theft.他因盗窃指控而被监禁了18个月。
impromptu  n. 即兴曲；即席演出This afternoon the Palestinians held an impromptu press conference.今天下午巴勒斯坦人召开了一场临时记者招待会。
impulse  n. 冲动；[电子] 脉冲；刺激；神经冲动；推动力Unable to resist the impulse, he glanced at the sea again.他抑制不住冲动，又看了一眼大海。It works by sending a series of electrical impulses which are picked up by hi-tech sensors.它通过传输由高技术传感器收集的电脉冲而起作用。The curtains were an impulse buy.这窗帘是一时心血来潮买下的。Sean's a fast thinker, and he acts on impulse.肖恩是个思维敏捷、凭一时冲动行事的人。
inborn  adj. 天生的；先天的He had an inborn talent for languages.他有天生的语言才能。
inclusive  adj. 包括的，包含的The academy is far more inclusive now than it used to be.该学院如今比过去更为兼收并蓄。You are also invited to join us on our prayer days (this year, June 6 to June 14 inclusive).你也受邀加入我们的祷告日（今年从6月6日（含）至6月14日（含））。...all prices are inclusive of delivery.…所有价格包括运费。The outpatient programme costs $105 per day, all inclusive.门诊病人方案收费每人每天105美元，一切费用包括在内。
incompatible  adj. 不相容的；矛盾的；不能同时成立的They feel strongly that their religion is incompatible with the political system.他们强烈地感到他们的宗教信仰与政治体制格格不入。Incompatibility between the mother's and the baby's blood groups may cause jaundice.母亲和胎儿的血型不合有可能导致黄疸。This made its mini-computers incompatible with its mainframes.这使得它的微型电脑与其主机不兼容。
incorporate  vt. 包含，吸收；体现；把……合并The new cars will incorporate a number of major improvements.这种新型汽车将包含许多重大的改进。The agreement would allow the rebels to be incorporated into a new national police force.该协议将允许叛军并入一支新的国家警察部队。
incredible  adj. 难以置信的，惊人的；极好的The wildflowers will be incredible after this rain.这场雨过后，野花将开得非常好。Their father was incredibly good-looking.他们的父亲十分英俊。It seemed incredible that people would still want to play football during a war.在战争期间人们仍然想踢足球，这似乎不可思议。Incredibly, some people don't like the name.令人难以置信的是，有些人不喜欢这个名字。I work an incredible amount of hours.我工作的时间极长。It was incredibly hard work.那是个非常艰辛的工作。
index  n. 指标；指数；索引；指针...the consumer price index.…消费价格指数。There's even a special subject index.甚至有一个特别的主题索引。A quarter of this vast archive has been indexed and made accessible to researchers.这批数量巨大的档案的1/4都已编了索引，可供研究者查阅。Minimum benefits and wages are to be indexed to inflation.最低养老金和最低工资都要与通货膨胀挂钩。
indifferent  adj. 漠不关心的；无关紧要的；中性的，中立的People have become indifferent to the suffering of others.人们已经变得对别人的痛苦漠不关心。"Not that it matters," said Trujillo indifferently.“它倒不是那么重要”，特鲁希略漠然地说。She had starred in several very indifferent movies.她领衔主演过好几部非常平庸的电影。...a shoddy piece of work, poorly written, indifferently performed.…一部粗制滥造的作品，写得差劲，演得也蹩脚。
indignant  adj. 愤愤不平的；义愤的He is indignant at suggestions that they were secret agents.他对关于他们是特务的暗示很愤慨。He was indignant that his rival was offered the job.他对他的对手得到了那份工作感到愤愤不平。"That is not true," Erica said indignantly.“那不是真的，”埃丽卡气愤地说。
induce  vt. 诱导；引起；引诱；感应Doctors said surgery could induce a heart attack.医生们说手术可能导致心脏病。More than 4,000 teachers were induced to take early retirement.四千多名教师被劝说提前退休。
induction  n. [电磁] 感应；归纳法；感应现象；入门培训，入职仪式，就职；诱导...his induction as president.…他的总统就职仪式。
inductive  adj. [数] 归纳的；[电] 感应的；诱导的
infect  vt. 感染，传染A single mosquito can infect a large number of people.一只蚊子就能传染很多人。...objects used by an infected person.…一名感染者使用过的物品。...plants that are resistant to infection.…抗感染的植物。The birds infect the milk.鸟使牛奶受污染。For an instant I was infected by her fear.一瞬间，我被她的恐惧所感染。He thought they might infect others with their bourgeois ideas.他认为他们可能用中产阶级思想去影响别人。This virus infected thousands of computers across the U.S. and Europe within days.这种病毒几天之内就使美国和欧洲成千上万台电脑中毒。
infectious  adj. 传染的；传染性的；易传染的...infectious diseases such as measles.…像麻疹这样的传染病。She radiates an infectious enthusiasm for everything she does.她做的每件事都散发出一种有感染力的热情。
inferior  adj. 差的；自卑的；下级的，下等的The cassettes were of inferior quality.这些盒式磁带质量较差。This resulted in overpriced and often inferior products.这就导致产品标价过高而往往质量较次。He preferred the company of those who were intellectually inferior to himself.他喜欢与那些智力不如他的人为伍。It was a gentleman's duty always to be civil, even to his inferiors.一个绅士的责任是一直保持彬彬有礼，即使是对比自己地位低的人。I found it difficult to shake off a sense of social inferiority.我发现很难摆脱社会地位低下的自卑感。
ingredient  n. 原料；要素；组成部分Mix in the remaining ingredients.掺入剩下的原料。The meeting had all the ingredients of high political drama.这次会议拥有了极富戏剧性的政治紧张场面的全部要素。
inlet  n. 入口，进口；插入物；水湾A tiny fishing village by a rocky inlet.岩石嶙峋的水湾边上的一个小渔村。
inner  adj. 内部的；内心的；精神的She got up and went into an inner office.她起身走进里间办公室。Loving relationships that a child makes will give him an inner sense of security.儿童所建立的友爱关系会使他的内心有一种安全感。
innumerable  adj. 无数的，数不清的He has invented innumerable excuses, told endless lies.他编造了数不清的借口，说了无止尽的谎言。
insane  adj. 疯狂的；精神病的；极愚蠢的Some people simply can't take it and they just go insane.一些人就是接受不了，于是便变得精神错乱。He asked me what I thought and I said, "Listen, this is completely insane."他问我是怎么想的，我说，“听着，这十分愚蠢。”I would be insanely jealous if Bill left me for another woman.如果比尔为了另一个女人而离开我，我会妒忌得发疯的。
inspect  vt. 检查；视察；检阅Elaine went outside to inspect the playing field.伊莱恩到外边去检查运动场。"Excellent work," he said when he had completed his inspection of the painted doors.“干得好，”他在检查完刷过油漆的门之后说道。The Public Utilities Commission inspects us once a year.公用设施委员会每年到我们这里视察一次。Officers making a routine inspection of the vessel found fifty kilograms of cocaine.对船只做例行检查的警官们发现了50公斤可卡因。
instrumental  adj. 乐器的；有帮助的；仪器的，器械的In his first years as chairman he was instrumental in raising the company's wider profile.在刚担任董事长的头几年，他在提升公司形象方面发挥了作用。...a CD of vocal and instrumental music.…一张声乐和器乐光盘。After a couple of brief instrumentals, he puts his guitar down.演奏了几首简短的器乐曲之后，他放下了吉他。
intact  adj. 完整的；原封不动的；未受损伤的Customs men put dynamite in the water to destroy the cargo, but most of it was left intact.海关人员把炸药放入水中以摧毁货物，但大部分货物却完好无损。
intellect  n. 智力，理解力；知识分子；思维逻辑领悟力；智力高的人Do the emotions develop in parallel with the intellect?情感与智力同步发展吗？She is famed for her intellect.她因才智而出名。
interact  vt. 互相影响；互相作用While the other children interacted and played together, Ted ignored them.当其他孩子们相互交往、一起玩耍时，泰德却不理他们。...superficial interactions with other people.…和其他人的表面交往。...new, simplified ways of interacting with a computer.…与计算机互动的简化新方法。...experts on human-computer interaction.…人机互动专家。You have to understand how cells interact.你必须得了解细胞之间是如何相互作用的。...the interaction between physical and emotional illness.…生理疾病和心理疾病之间的相互作用。
interactive  adj. 交互式的；相互作用的This will make computer games more interactive than ever.这将使电脑游戏比以前更具交互性。...digital television, with more channels and interactivity.…有更多频道和交互功能的数字电视。There is little evidence that this encouraged flexible, interactive teaching in the classroom.几乎没有证据表明这促进灵活互动的课堂教学。
interfere  vi. 干涉；妨碍；打扰I wish everyone would stop interfering and just leave me alone.我希望所有人都不再干涉我，让我一个人静一静。Smoking and drinking interfere with your body's ability to process oxygen.吸烟和喝酒妨碍身体对氧的吸收能力。
interim  adj. 临时的，暂时的；中间的；间歇的She was sworn in as head of an interim government in March.她3月份宣誓出任临时政府首脑。But, in the interim, we obviously have a duty to maintain law and order.但是，在过渡时期我们显然有责任维持法律与秩序。
intermediate  vi. 起媒介作用Do you make any intermediate stops between your home and work?你在住所和工作地点之间停留吗？Students are categorized as novice, intermediate, or advanced.学生分为新生、中级生或高级生。The ski school coaches beginners, intermediates, and advanced skiers.滑雪学校训练初级、中级和高级水平的滑雪者。
internal  n. 内脏；本质The country stepped up internal security.该国加强了国内安全防卫。...Russia's Ministry of Internal Affairs.…俄罗斯内务部。The state is not a unified and internally coherent entity.这个国家不是一个内部凝聚的统一体。The doctor said the internal bleeding had been massive.医生说内出血的量很大。Evening primrose oil is used on the skin as well as taken internally.夜来香油可外用在皮肤上，也可内服。
intimate  adj. 亲密的；私人的；精通的；有性关系的I discussed with my intimate friends whether I would immediately have a baby.我和我的密友们商量我是不是该马上要孩子。He did not feel he had got to know them intimately.他觉得自己不必和他们亲密熟悉。...their intimate moments with their boyfriends.…她们和其男友们的私密时刻。You have to be willing to get to know yourself and your partner intimately.你必须乐意在私密方面逐渐了解自己和伴侣。He wrote about the intimate details of his family life.他写下了家庭生活中一些私人的细节。It was the first time they had attempted to talk intimately.这是他们第一次试图私下交谈。...an intimate candlelit dinner for two.…宁静怡人的一次二人烛光晚餐。...an intimate connection between madness and wisdom.…疯狂和睿智之间的一种密切联系。Scientific research and conservation are intimately connected.科学研究与环境保护联系密切。He surprised me with his intimate knowledge of Kierkegaard and Schopenhauer.他对克尔恺郭尔和叔本华的深刻了解令我感到惊奇。...a golden age of musicians whose work she knew intimately.…她熟知的那些音乐家们的一个黄金时代。He went on to intimate that he was indeed contemplating a shake-up of the company.他接着暗示他确实在考虑对公司进行一次改组。
intimate  adj. 亲密的；私人的；精通的；有性关系的I discussed with my intimate friends whether I would immediately have a baby.我和我的密友们商量我是不是该马上要孩子。He did not feel he had got to know them intimately.他觉得自己不必和他们亲密熟悉。...their intimate moments with their boyfriends.…她们和其男友们的私密时刻。You have to be willing to get to know yourself and your partner intimately.你必须乐意在私密方面逐渐了解自己和伴侣。He wrote about the intimate details of his family life.他写下了家庭生活中一些私人的细节。It was the first time they had attempted to talk intimately.这是他们第一次试图私下交谈。...an intimate candlelit dinner for two.…宁静怡人的一次二人烛光晚餐。...an intimate connection between madness and wisdom.…疯狂和睿智之间的一种密切联系。Scientific research and conservation are intimately connected.科学研究与环境保护联系密切。He surprised me with his intimate knowledge of Kierkegaard and Schopenhauer.他对克尔恺郭尔和叔本华的深刻了解令我感到惊奇。...a golden age of musicians whose work she knew intimately.…她熟知的那些音乐家们的一个黄金时代。He went on to intimate that he was indeed contemplating a shake-up of the company.他接着暗示他确实在考虑对公司进行一次改组。
intimidate  vt. 恐吓，威胁；胁迫Jones had set out to intimidate and dominate Paul.琼斯曾试图威胁并控制保罗。...an inquiry into allegations of intimidation during last week's vote.…一项对上周选举期间恐吓指控的调查。
intrinsic  adj. 本质的，固有的Diamonds have little intrinsic value and their price depends almost entirely on their scarcity.钻石没有多少内在价值，它们的价格几乎完全取决于其稀有程度。Sometimes I wonder if people are intrinsically evil.有时我怀疑人是否生来就是邪恶的。
invalid  adj. 无效的；有病的；残疾的I hate being treated as an invalid.我讨厌被当作病人对待。The trial was stopped and the results declared invalid.审判被终止了，其结果被宣布无效。We think that those arguments are rendered invalid by the facts.我们认为那些论点在事实面前站不住脚。
invariable  adj. 不变的；常数的There are no absolute, invariable moral rules.没有绝对的，不变的道德准则。
invisible  adj. 无形的，看不见的；无形的；不显眼的，暗藏的The lines were so finely etched as to be invisible from a distance.这些线条蚀刻得如此精细，离远点都看不出来。A thin coil of smoke rose almost invisibly into the sharp, bright sky.一缕轻烟几乎不见踪迹地升上了耀眼的晴空。All the time you are in doubt about the cause of your illness, you are fighting against an invisible enemy.一直以来你都在怀疑自己的病因，你是在和一个无形的敌人斗争。...the tradition that invisibly shapes things in the present.…这种无形地影响着现有事物的传统。It was strange, how invisible a clerk could feel.很奇怪一名职员会感到如此地受人忽视。She takes up the issue of the invisibility of women and women's concerns in society.她着手处理社会上对妇女及其所关注的事物的忽视问题。...The Invisible Man.…《隐身人》。The revenue from tourism is the biggest single item in the country's invisible earnings.旅游收入是该国非贸易性收益中最大的单项收入。
irrespective  adj. 无关的；不考虑的；不顾的...their commitment to a society based on equality for all citizens irrespective of ethnic origin.…他们为建设一个没有种族差别、全民平等的社会所做出的贡献。
irrigate  vt. 灌溉；冲洗；使清新None of the water from Lake Powell is used to irrigate the area.鲍威尔湖的水没有被用来灌溉这一地区。The agricultural land is hilly and the irrigation poor.这片农田多丘陵，而且灌溉条件很差。
jealous  adj. 妒忌的；猜疑的；唯恐失去的；戒备的She got insanely jealous and there was a terrible fight.她变得过分地猜忌，接着是一场激烈的打斗。The formula is jealously guarded.对该配方戒备森严。She was jealous of his wealth.她嫉妒他的富有。Gloria eyed them jealously.格洛丽亚当时嫉妒地看着他们。
jerk  n. 肌肉抽搐；性情古怪的人；蠢人；急拉Mr. Griffin jerked forward in his chair.格里芬先生在椅子上猛地向前一动。"This is Brady Coyne," said Sam, jerking his head in my direction.“这是布雷迪·科因”，萨姆说，他的头朝我这边甩了一下。He indicated the bedroom with a jerk of his head.他用头的猝然一动示意了卧室的方向。The guy is such a jerk! He only cares about himself.这家伙真是个蠢货！他只关心他自己。
jog  vt. 慢跑；轻推；蹒跚行进；使颠簸I got up early the next morning to jog.我次日清晨早起去慢跑了。He went for another early morning jog.他又去晨跑了。It isn't the walking and jogging that got his weight down.不是散步和慢跑使他体重下降了。Avoid jogging the camera.不要碰摄像机。Police have planned a reconstruction of the crime tomorrow in the hope that this will jog the memory of passersby.警方已计划明天再现犯罪过程，希望以此唤起过路人的记忆。
judicial  adj. 公正的，明断的；法庭的；审判上的...an independent judicial system.…一个独立的司法体系。...efforts to manipulate the judicial process.…操纵审判程序的努力。Even if the amendment is passed it can be defeated judicially.即使这项修正案获得了通过，它也有可能通过司法程序被否决。
kidnap  vt. 绑架；诱拐；拐骗Police in Brazil uncovered a plot to kidnap him.巴西警方侦破了一起要绑架他的阴谋。They were middle-class university students, intelligent and educated, yet they chose to kidnap and kill.他们是中产阶级大学生，聪明而且受过教育，却选择了绑架和谋杀。His kidnappers have threatened that they will kill him unless three militants are released from prison.绑架者威胁说，如果不释放3个武装分子出狱，他们就会杀了他。Stewart denies attempted murder and kidnap.斯图尔特否认有谋杀和绑架的企图。
knit  vi. 编织；结合；皱眉I had endless hours to knit and sew.我有无数的时间来缝缝织织。I have already started knitting baby clothes.我已经开始织婴儿的衣服了。Ferris wore a heavy knit sweater.菲立斯穿着一件织得厚厚的毛衣。The best thing about sports is that they knit the whole family close together.体育运动最大的好处就是将全家紧密连接在一起。...a closer-knit family.…一个连接更为紧密的家庭。The bone hasn't knitted together properly.骨头还没有完全愈合。
knot  n. （绳等的）结；节瘤，疙瘩；海里/小时（航速单位）One lace had broken and been tied in a knot.一根带子已经断了，被打成一个结。He knotted the laces securely together.他把带子牢牢地系在一起。He knotted the bandanna around his neck.他把印花大围巾系在他的脖子上。There was a knot of tension in his stomach.他心里一阵紧张。I felt my stomach knot with apprehension.我感到心里因为担心而揪紧。His forehead knotted in a frown.他的眉头紧皱。A carpenter often rejects half his wood because of knots or cracks.木匠常常因为有节疤或裂缝而把一半的木材都扔掉。They travel at speeds of up to 30 knots.他们以高达30节的航速行进。
lace  n. 花边；鞋带；饰带；少量烈酒She finally found the perfect gown, a beautiful creation trimmed with lace.她最终找到了那件完美的大衣，款式漂亮、饰有花边。Barry was sitting on the bed, tying the laces of an old pair of running shoes.巴里正坐在床上系一双旧跑鞋的鞋带。I have a good pair of skates, but no matter how tightly I lace them, my ankles wobble.我有一双很好的溜冰鞋，但是无论我把鞋带系得多么紧，我的脚踝还是在里面晃荡。He sat on the steps, and laced up his boots.他坐在台阶上系好靴子。She laced his food with sleeping pills.她在他的食物里加了安眠药。
lash  vt. 鞭打；冲击；摆动；扎捆；煽动；讽刺...sombre grey eyes, with unusually long lashes.…忧郁的灰眼睛，长着特长的睫毛。Secure the anchor by lashing it to the rail.把锚紧紧地捆在横木上。The shelter is built by lashing poles together to form a small dome.该掩蔽处是把杆子捆到一起形成一个小圆顶而搭建成。The worst winter storms of the century lashed the east coast of North America.本世纪最猛烈的暴风雪袭击了北美的东海岸。She went quiet for a moment while she summoned up the words to lash him.她沉默了一会儿，想了些话来怒斥他。The villagers sentenced one man to five lashes for stealing a ham from his neighbour.村民们判一个男人5下鞭刑，因为他偷了一个邻居的火腿。
lean  vi. 倾斜；倚靠；倾向；依赖Eileen leaned across and opened the passenger door.艾琳探过身来打开了乘客门。She was feeling tired and was glad to lean against him.她感到累了，乐意靠在他身上。Lean the plants against a wall and cover the roots with peat.把这些植物靠在墙上，用泥炭盖住根部。Like most athletes, she was lean and muscular.像大部分运动员一样，她清瘦而且肌肉强健。It is a beautiful meat, very lean and tender.这是一块好肉，又瘦又嫩。...reforms which turned us into a lean and competitive nation.…使我们成为高效率、竞争力强的国家的改革。My parents lived through the lean years of the 1930s.我的父母经历了20世纪30年代的萧条期。
lean  vi. 倾斜；倚靠；倾向；依赖Eileen leaned across and opened the passenger door.艾琳探过身来打开了乘客门。She was feeling tired and was glad to lean against him.她感到累了，乐意靠在他身上。Lean the plants against a wall and cover the roots with peat.把这些植物靠在墙上，用泥炭盖住根部。Like most athletes, she was lean and muscular.像大部分运动员一样，她清瘦而且肌肉强健。It is a beautiful meat, very lean and tender.这是一块好肉，又瘦又嫩。...reforms which turned us into a lean and competitive nation.…使我们成为高效率、竞争力强的国家的改革。My parents lived through the lean years of the 1930s.我的父母经历了20世纪30年代的萧条期。
legislative  adj. 立法的；有立法权的Today's hearing was just the first step in the legislative process.今天的听证会仅仅是立法程序的第一步。
legitimate  adj. 合法的；正当的；合理的；正统的The French government has condemned the coup in Haiti and has demanded the restoration of the legitimate government.法国政府已经谴责了海地的政变，并要求恢复合法政府。The opposition parties do not recognize the political legitimacy of his government.反对党不承认他的政府的政治合法性。That's a perfectly legitimate fear.那是种完全合乎逻辑的恐惧。Sampras beat Carl-Uwe Steeb by 6-1, 6-2, 6-1 to underline the legitimacy of his challenge for the title.桑普拉斯以6比1、6比2和6比1战胜了卡尔-尤韦·斯蒂布，证明了他挑战冠军头衔的合理性。
liability  n. 责任；债务；倾向；可能性；不利因素As the president's prestige continues to fall, they're clearly beginning to consider him a liability.随着总统的威信持续下降，他们显然开始认为他是一个累赘。The company had assets of $138 million and liabilities of $120.5 million.该公司有1.38亿美元资产和1.205亿美元的负债。
lick  vt. 舔；卷过；鞭打She folded up her letter, licking the envelope flap with relish.她把信折起来，享受地舔着信封盖。It's incredible how long a cat can go without more than a lick of milk or water.不可思议的是，猫不舔一口奶或一滴水能活这么久。It could do with a lick of paint to brighten up its premises.用一点涂料就可以让房子明亮起来。
likewise  adv. 同样地；也What is fair for homeowners likewise should be fair to businesses.对私房业主公平的，同样也该对商家公平。He lent money, made donations and encouraged others to do likewise.他把钱借出、捐出，并鼓励其他人这么做。
limb  n. 肢，臂；分支；枝干She would be able to stretch out her cramped limbs and rest for a few hours.她将可以伸开蜷缩的四肢，休息几个小时。They can see themselves going out on a limb, voting for a very controversial energy bill.他们会发现自己由于投票赞成一个有争议的能源法案而陷入困境。
literal  adj. 文字的；逐字的；无夸张的In many cases, the people there are fighting, in a literal sense, for their homes.多数情况下，那里的人们实际上都是在为他们的家园而战斗。A literal translation of the name Tapies is "walls."名字的字面翻译是“墙”。
litter  n. 垃圾；轿，担架；一窝（动物的幼崽）；凌乱If you see litter in the corridor, pick it up.如果你看到走廊里有垃圾，就把它捡起来。Glass from broken bottles litters the sidewalk.碎瓶子的玻璃渣散落在人行道上。The entrance hall is littered with toys.入口大厅里散落着玩具。History is littered with men and women spurred into achievement by a father's disregard.历史上常有受父亲漠视的刺激而取得成就的男男女女。...a litter of pups.…一窝小狗。
locality  n. 所在；位置；地点Following the discovery of the explosives the president cancelled his visit to the locality.发现爆炸物之后总统取消了对该地区的访问。
locomotive  adj. 火车头的；运动的；移动的
log  vi. 伐木He dumped the logs on the big stone hearth.他把木柴扔进那个大石炉里。The family made an official complaint to a ship's officer, which was recorded in the log.这家人向一位高级船员提出过正式投诉，此事记入了航行日志。They log everyone and everything that comes in and out of here.他们把在这里出入的人和发生的事都记入日志。
lubricate  vi. 润滑；涂油；起润滑剂作用Mineral oils are used to lubricate machinery.矿物油被用来润滑机器。Use a touch of linseed oil for lubrication.用一点蓖麻油来润滑一下。
lump  n. 块，块状；肿块；瘤；很多；笨人The potter shaped and squeezed the lump of clay into a graceful shape.制陶工人把一块黏土塑形，压成漂亮的形状。...a lump of wood.…一块木头。I've got a lump on my shoulder.我的肩膀上有个肿块。...a nugget of rough gold about the size of a lump of sugar.…未加工的天然金块，约一块方糖大小。I stood there with a lump in my throat and tried to fight back tears.我站在那儿，喉咙哽咽，拼命忍住眼泪。
machinery  n. 机械；机器；机构；机械装置...quality tools and machinery.…优质工具和机械。The machinery of democracy could be created quickly.民主体制很快就能建立起来。
magistrate  n. 地方法官；文职官员；治安推事She will face a local magistrate on Tuesday.她将在星期二面见一位地方治安法官。
majesty  n. 威严；最高权威，王权；雄伟；权威His Majesty requests your presence in the royal chambers.国王陛下要求你在皇室受召见。...the majesty of the mainland mountains.…大陆山岳的壮美。
make  vt. 使得；进行；布置，准备，整理；制造；认为；获得；形成；安排；引起；构成I'd just like to make a comment.我只想做一下评论。I made a few phone calls.我打了几个电话。Apparently he made a mess of his audition.显然他把试演搞得一团糟。Mary made as if to protest, then hesitated.玛丽似乎要抗议，又犹豫了。Why make do with a copy if you can afford the genuine article?如果你买得起正品，为什么还拿复制品凑合呢？Dirt from the motorway made him cough.公路上的灰尘使他咳嗽起来。The white tips of his shirt collar made him look like a choirboy.他衬衣的白色领尖使他看起来像个唱诗班男童。You can't make me do anything.你不能强迫我做任何事。...James Bond, the role that made him a star.…詹姆斯·邦德，那个使他成为明星的角色。She made life very difficult for me.她使我的生活变得很艰难。They live in fantasy worlds which make Disneyland seem uninventive.他们生活在幻想世界里，那些幻想使迪斯尼乐园也显得毫无创意。He learned enough Spanish to make himself understood.他学的西班牙语足以让别人明白他。He made her a director in his numerous companies.他任命她为他数家公司的主管。We made it into a beautiful home.我们把它变成了一个漂亮的家。This makes the total cost of the bulb and energy $27.这使得灯泡和电量的总耗费升为$27。Lorenzo was a natural leader who made friends easily.洛伦佐是个天生的领导者，结交朋友容易。She made her own bread.她自己做了面包。Having curtains made professionally can be costly.找专业人员制作窗帘会很贵。Mr. Perry made a note in his book.佩里先生在他的书里做了批注。The police don't make the laws, they merely enforce them.警察不制定法律，只是执行法律。I think every business's goal is to make money.我想每笔生意的目的都是赚钱。You could certainly make a case for this point of view.你当然可以为这种观点做解释。The only car parked outside is a black Saab – a different make.停在外面的惟一一辆车是黑色的萨博–一个不同的牌子。She'll make a good actress, if she gets the right training.如果她得到恰当训练，她会成为一名好演员。You've a very good idea there. It will make a good book.你的那个绝妙观点会使之成为一本好书。A group of people made a circle around the Pentagon.一群人绕五角大楼围成了一个圈。Four twos make eight.4个2是8。The athletes are just happy to make the team.那些运动员很高兴加入该队。The engine is gulping two tons of fuel an hour in order to make New Orleans by nightfall.引擎每小时消耗两吨燃料以便在天黑之前赶到新奥尔良。So you did make it to America, after all.这样你终究成功到达了美国。...the hostages who never made it home.…始终没能回家的人质们。I believe I have the talent to make it.我相信我有获得成功的才干。He hadn't been able to make it to our dinner.他没能如约参加我们的晚宴。"How many shots has she got left?"—"I make it two."“她还剩几颗子弹？”–“我估计是两颗。”I make it nearly nine o'clock.我的表上快9:00了。
malicious  adj. 恶意的；恶毒的；蓄意的；怀恨的That might merely have been malicious gossip.那可能只是恶意闲言。...his maliciously accurate imitation of Hubert de Burgh.…他对休伯特·德·伯格的恶意精确模仿。
margin  n. 边缘；利润，余裕；页边的空白They could end up with a 50-point winning margin.他们最后可能会以50点的优势获胜。She added her comments in the margin.她在页边空白处加上了她的评语。The money is collected in a straightforward way with little margin for error.这笔钱是直接募集上来的, 几乎没有出错的余地。...the low coastal plain along the western margin.…沿着西部边缘地带的低洼海岸平原。Students have played an important role in the past, but for the moment, they're on the margins.学生们过去发挥了重要的作用，但现在，他们不再重要了。
massacre  vt. 残杀；彻底击败Maria lost her 62-year-old mother in the massacre.玛丽亚在大屠杀中失去了她62岁的母亲。300 civilians are believed to have been massacred by the rebels.据信300名平民被叛乱分子屠杀了。
massive  adj. 大量的；巨大的，厚重的；魁伟的There was evidence of massive fraud.有证据表明是巨额欺诈。...massive air attacks.…大规模的空袭。...a massively popular game.…一种非常受欢迎的游戏。He died six weeks later of a massive heart attack.他6周后死于一次严重的心脏病发作。
mastermind  vt. 策划There are many theories as to who masterminded the attacks.关于谁策划了这些攻击，有许多的猜测。He was the mastermind behind the plan to acquire the explosives.他是获取炸药计划的幕后操纵者。
melody  n. 旋律；歌曲；美妙的音乐I whistle melodies from Beethoven and Vivaldi and the more popular classical composers.我用口哨吹贝多芬、维瓦尔迪和更大众化一些的古典作曲家的曲子。
melt  vi. 熔化，溶解；渐混The snow had melted, but the lake was still frozen solid.雪已经融化了，但湖面仍然冻得结结实实。Meanwhile, melt the white chocolate in a bowl suspended over simmering water.同时，把碗架在快烧开的水上，融化碗里的白巧克力。His anxiety about the outcome melted, only to return later.他对结果的焦虑消失了，但过后又来了。When he heard these words, Scot felt his inner doubts melt away.听到这些话，斯科特觉得内心的疑虑消失了。The youths dispersed and melted into the darkness.年轻人们散开了，消失在夜色中。
memorial  n. 纪念碑，纪念馆；纪念仪式；纪念物Building a memorial to Columbus has been his lifelong dream.建一座哥伦布纪念碑一直是他一生的梦想。A memorial service is being held for her at St. Paul's Church.一场为她举行的纪念仪式正在圣保罗教堂举行。The museum will serve as a memorial to the millions who passed through Ellis Island.这个博物馆将成为曾经过埃利斯岛的数百万人的纪念馆。
memorize  vt. 记住，背熟；记忆He studied his map, trying to memorize the way to Rose's street.他研究了地图，努力记住去罗丝家那条街的路。
menace  n. 威胁；恐吓In my view, you are a menace to the public.在我看来，你对公众是一个威胁。You're a menace to my privacy, Kenton.你是个侵犯我隐私的讨厌的人，肯顿。There is a pervading sense of menace.有一种在蔓延的危险感。They seem determined to menace the United States and its allies.他们好像决心要威胁美国及其盟国。
migrate  vi. 移动；随季节而移居；移往People migrate to cities like Jakarta in search of work.人们移居到雅加达这样的城市找工作。...the migration of Soviet Jews to Israel.…苏联犹太人向以色列的迁移。Most birds have to fly long distances to migrate.大多数的鸟类不得不飞行很长的距离进行迁徙。...the migration of animals in the Serengeti.…塞伦盖蒂的动物迁徙。
militant  adj. 好战的Militant mine workers in the Ukraine have voted for a one-day stoppage next month.在乌克兰，激进的煤矿工人们已经投票决定在下个月进行一天的罢工。Even now we could not be sure that the militants would not find some new excuse to call a strike the following winter.即使到现在，我们也不能确定这些激进分子不会找到某个新的借口在下一年冬天号召一场罢工。...the rise of trade union militancy.…工会好战情绪的高涨。
moan  vi. 抱怨，悲叹；呻吟Tony moaned in his sleep and then turned over on his side.托尼在睡梦中呻吟了一下，然后转身侧躺。Suddenly she gave a low, choking moan and began to tremble violently.突然她发出了一声低沉、令人窒息的呻吟，身体开始剧烈地抖动。I used to moan if I didn't get at least six hours' sleep at night.我过去常常抱怨晚上睡不够6小时。...moaning about the weather.…抱怨天气。They have been listening to people's moans and praise.他们一直在倾听人民的抱怨与称赞。
mobilize  vt. 动员，调动；集合，组织；使…流通；使…松动The best hope is that we will mobilize international support and get down to action.最大的希望就是我们将动员国际社会的支持，开始行动。...the rapid mobilization of international opinion in support of the revolution.…对支持革命的国际舆论的迅速动员。If you could mobilize the resources, you could get it done.如果你能调动资源，你就能完成它。...the mobilization of resources for education.…调动教育资源。Sudan even threatened to mobilize in response to the ultimatums.苏丹甚至威胁说要动用军事力量来回应最后通牒。...a demand for full-scale mobilization to defend the republic.…全面动员来保卫共和国的命令。
mock  n. 英国模拟考试（mocks）I thought you were mocking me.我以为你在嘲笑我。"It's tragic!" swoons Jeffrey in mock horror.“太悲惨了！”杰弗里假装害怕得昏了过去。
modify  vt. 修改，修饰；更改The club members did agree to modify their recruitment policy.俱乐部成员确已同意修改他们的入会政策。Relatively minor modifications were required.需要相对较小的修改。
moist  adj. 潮湿的；多雨的；含泪的The soil is reasonably moist after the September rain.9月的雨水之后，土壤适度湿润。
momentary  adj. 瞬间的；短暂的；随时会发生的...a momentary lapse of concentration.…稍一走神。
mortal  adj. 凡人的；致死的；终有一死的；不共戴天的A man is deliberately designed to be mortal. He grows, he ages, and he dies.人是被故意设计成终归一死的。成长，变老，然后死去。She has suddenly come face to face with her own mortality.突然，她已经与死神面对面了。Tickets seem unobtainable to the ordinary mortal.票对于普通大众来说似乎是得不到的。The police were defending themselves and others against mortal danger.警察在保卫他们自己和其他人免受致命的危险。He falls, mortally wounded.他摔了，伤得很重。When self-esteem is high, we lose our mortal fear of jealousy.当自尊心很强时，我们会失去对嫉妒的极度恐惧。Candace admits to having been "mortally embarrassed."坎达丝承认曾经“极其尴尬”。
mortgage  vt. 抵押...an increase in mortgage rates.…房屋抵押贷款利率的上升。They had to mortgage their home to pay the bills.他们不得不抵押他们的房子来还账。
motion  n. 动作；移动；手势；请求；意向；议案...the laws governing light, sound, and motion.…支配光、声和运动的规律。One group of muscles sets the next group in motion.一组肌肉带动下一组肌肉运动。He made a neat chopping motion with his hand.他用手做了一个干净利落的砍的动作。The conference is now debating the motion and will vote on it shortly.大会现在正在讨论这个动议，并将马上就此投票。Opposition parties are likely to bring a no-confidence motion against the government.反对党可能会对政府提出一项不信任议案。She motioned for the locked front doors to be opened.她打手势示意把锁着的前门打开。He stood aside and motioned Don to the door.他站在一边，示意唐到门口。"You really don't care, do you?" she said quietly. "You're just going through the motions."“你真的不在意，是吗？”她平静地说。“你只是在敷衍了事。”The current chain of events was set in motion by that kidnapping.目前的一系列事件都是由那次绑架引发的。I have set the wheels in motion to sell their Arizona ranch.我已着手出售他们在亚利桑那州的大农场。
mount  vt. 增加；爬上；使骑上马；安装，架置；镶嵌，嵌入；准备上演；成立（军队等）The ANC announced it was mounting a major campaign of mass political protests.非国大宣布正在发动一场大型群众性政治抗议运动。For several hours, tension mounted.几个小时中，紧张局势加剧了。The uncollected rubbish mounts in city streets.城市街道中未被收集的垃圾增多。Her medical bills mounted up.她的医疗账单越来越多。Larry was mounting the stairs up into the attic.拉里正在拾级而上到阁楼去。A man in a crash helmet was mounting a motorcycle.一个戴着防撞头盔的男子正骑上一辆摩托车。Her husband mounts the work on velour paper and makes the frame.她丈夫把作品装裱到丝绒纸上，又做了框架。She installed a wall-mounted electric fan.她装了一台墙壁式电扇。The gallery has mounted an exhibition of art by Irish women painters.这家画廊已经举办过一次爱尔兰女画家们的艺术作品展。...Mount Everest.…珠穆朗玛峰。
muddy  adj. 泥泞的；模糊的；混乱的...a muddy track.…一条泥泞的小路。The ground still smelled of rain and they muddied their shoes.地面仍散发着雨水的气息，他们的鞋沾上了泥巴。It's difficult enough without muddying the issue with religion.即使不和宗教搅在一起，这个问题也已够难的了。
multiple  adj. 多重的；多样的；许多的He died of multiple injuries.他死于多处受伤。Their numerical system, derived from the Babylonians, was based on multiples of the number six.他们的数制是袭用巴比伦人的，以数字6的倍数为基准。
murmur  n. 低语；低语声；低声抱怨；潺潺声He turned and murmured something to the professor.他转过身，小声对教授说了些什么。"How lovely," she murmured.“多可爱呀，”她低声说。They spoke in low murmurs.他们窃窃私语。The piano music mixes with the murmur of conversation.钢琴音乐与轻轻的谈话声混合在一起。The promise of some basic working rights draws murmurs of approval.对一些基本工作权利的承诺得到默认。The doctor said James had now developed a heart murmur.医生说詹姆斯心脏现在出现了杂音。Then came the bill and my friend paid up without a murmur.然后账单来了，我朋友毫无怨言地结了帐。
mute  adj. 哑的；沉默的；无声的He was mute, distant, and indifferent.他缄默无言，对人疏远而且冷漠。He could watch her standing mute by the phone.他能看到她缄默地站在电话旁。Marianna, the duke's daughter, became mute after a shock.公爵的女儿玛丽安娜在一场惊吓之后失语了。The corruption does not seem to have muted the country's prolonged economic boom.腐败看来没有减缓该国持续的经济繁荣。The threat contrasted starkly with his administration's previous muted criticism.这恐吓与他执政当局先前温和的批评形成了鲜明的对比。They begin to mute their voices, not be as assertive.他们开始放低嗓门，不再那么肯定了。"Yes," he muttered, his voice so muted I hardly heard his reply.“是啊，”他轻声说道，声音轻得我几乎听不到他的回答。
narrative  n. 叙述；故事；讲述...a fast-moving narrative.…一个快节奏的叙事。Neither author was very strong on narrative.两位作者在记叙方面都不强。
neglectful  adj. 疏忽的；忽略的；不小心的...neglectful parents.…失职的家长们。Have I been neglectful of my friend, taking him for granted?我忽视了我的朋友、没有把他当回事吗？
neutralize  vt. 抵销；使…中和；使…无效；使…中立The U.S. is trying to neutralize the resolution in the UN Security Council.美国试图在联合国安理会阻止该决议的通过。Antacids are alkaline and they relieve pain by neutralizing acid in the contents of the stomach.抗酸剂是碱性的，它们通过中和胃容物中的酸来缓解疼痛。
norm  n. 标准，规范The actions taken depart from what she called the commonly accepted norms of democracy.所采取的这些行动背离了她所谓的那些普遍接受的民主准则。Families of six or seven are the norm in Borough Park.六七口人的家庭在菠萝园是常事儿。About 32 percent of students meet national norms in reading.大约32%的学生达到国家阅读标准。
normalize  vt. 使正常化；使规格化，使标准化Meditation tends to lower or normalize blood pressure.静坐易于降低血压或使血压正常化。The two governments were close to normalizing relations.两国政府即将使关系正常化。The United States says they are not prepared to join in normalizing ties with their former enemy.美国声称他们不准备与他们的前敌建立正常化的关系。The two sides would like to see the normalization of diplomatic relations.双方都愿意看到外交关系的正常化。
notable  adj. 值得注意的，显著的；著名的The proposed new structure is notable not only for its height, but for its shape.那座提议的新建筑值得注意，不仅因其高度，还因其外形。Mo did not want to be ruled by anyone and it is notable that she never allowed the men in her life to eclipse her.莫不想被任何人管制，很显然，她从不允许她生活中的男性使她黯然失色。
notify  vt. 通告，通知；公布The skipper notified the coastguard of the tragedy.船长通知了海岸警卫队这一灾难。Earlier this year they were notified that their homes were to be cleared away.今年早些时候他们被通知说他们的家将被拆除。
notorious  adj. 声名狼藉的，臭名昭著的...an area notorious for drugs, crime and violence.…一个因毒品、犯罪和暴力而声名狼藉的地区。The train company is overstaffed and notoriously inefficient.这家铁路公司人员超编，且出了名地没有效率。He worked mainly in New York City where living space is notoriously at a premium.他主要在纽约市工作，那里的生存空间出了名地昂贵。
nuisance  n. 讨厌的人；损害；麻烦事；讨厌的东西He could be a bit of a nuisance when he was drunk.他喝醉时会是一个有点令人讨厌的人。Sorry to be a nuisance.对不起，麻烦一下。
obedience  n. 顺从；服从；遵守
oblige  vt. 迫使；强制；赐，施恩惠；责成；义务The storm got worse and worse. Finally, I was obliged to abandon the car and continue on foot.暴风雨越来越猛烈。最终，我被迫弃车徒步前行。Mr. Oakley has always been ready to oblige journalists with information.奥克利先生一直乐于提供信息帮助记者们。We called up three economists to ask how to eliminate the deficit and they obliged with very straightforward answers.我们致电3位经济学家咨询消除赤字的方法，他们满足了我们的要求，给出了非常直接的答复。I would be obliged if you could read it to us.如果你能把它读给我们听，我将不胜感激。
offensive  adj. 攻击的；冒犯的；无礼的；讨厌的Some friends of his found the play horribly offensive.他的一些朋友觉得那部戏让人很不舒服。Its latest military offensive against rebel forces is aimed at re-opening important trade routes.其最近对叛军的军事进攻旨在重新开辟重要的贸易路线。Republicans acknowledged that they had little choice but to mount an all-out offensive on the Democratic nominee.共和党人承认他们别无选择，只有对民主党提名人全力发起一场强硬行动。The West African forces went on the offensive in response to attacks on them.西非武装力量发起进攻以回应袭击。
offset  n. 抵消，补偿；平版印刷；支管The increase in pay costs was more than offset by higher productivity.工资成本的增加远非更高的生产率所能抵消的。
omission  n. 疏忽，遗漏；省略；冗长He was surprised by his wife's omission from the guest list.他对于宾客名单上他夫人名字的遗漏感到吃惊。...the prosecution's seemingly malicious omission of recorded evidence.…控方对在案证据似为恶意的疏略。
ongoing  adj. 不间断的，进行的；前进的There is an ongoing debate on the issue.关于这个问题争论还在继续。
homogeneous  adj. 均匀的；[数] 齐次的；同种的；同类的，同质的The unemployed are not a homogeneous group.失业者并不都是同一类人。
honorary  adj. 荣誉的；名誉的；道义上的Harvard awarded him an honorary degree.哈佛大学授予他荣誉学位。...the honorary secretary of the Beekeepers' Association.…养蜂人协会的名誉秘书。
hound  vt. 追猎；烦扰；激励Rainey's chief interest in life is hunting with hounds.雷尼一生中的主要嗜好是带着猎犬去打猎。an otterhounda deerhoundNewcomers are constantly hounding them for advice.新来的人老是缠着他们问这问那的。There is a general view around that he has been hounded out of office by the press.人们普遍认为是媒体迫使他离职的。
hurl  vt. 丢下；用力投掷；愤慨地说出Groups of angry youths hurled stones at police.一群群愤怒的年轻人朝着警察猛掷石块。Simon caught the grenade and hurled it back.西蒙接住手榴弹，把它掷了回去。How would you handle being locked in the back of a cab while the driver hurled abuse at you?如果你被锁在出租车后座又遭司机谩骂，你会怎么办？
illicit  adj. 违法的；不正当的Dante clearly condemns illicit love.但丁明确地谴责不正当的恋情。
illuminate  vt. 阐明，说明；照亮；使灿烂；用灯装饰No streetlights illuminated the street.一盏照亮街道的路灯也没有。Instead of formulas and charts, the two instructors use games and drawings to illuminate their subject.这两位教师用游戏和图画而不是公式和图表来阐明他们的题旨。It would be illuminating to hear the views of the club vice-chairman.听听俱乐部副主席的观点或许会有启发。
imitation  n. 模仿，仿造；仿制品...the most accurate imitation of Chinese architecture in Europe.…欧洲最逼真的仿中国建筑。They discussed important issues in imitation of their elders.他们模仿长辈的口气讨论重大问题。...a complete set of Dickens bound in imitation leather.…用人造革装帧的一整套《狄更斯全集》。One boy did an imitation of a soldier with a loudspeaker.一个男孩拿着扬声器学着士兵的样子。
immunize  vt. 使免疫；赋予免疫性We should require that every student is immunized against hepatitis B.我们应该要求每一位学生都注射乙肝疫苗。The monkeys used in those experiments had previously been immunized with a vaccine made from killed infected cells.这些实验中所用的猴子事先都已接种了由死亡的被感染细胞制成的疫苗。...universal immunization against childhood diseases.…为预防儿童疾病的普遍接种疫苗。
imperial  adj. 帝国的；皇帝的；至高无上的；威严的...the Imperial Palace in Tokyo.…东京的皇宫。
implicit  adj. 含蓄的；暗示的；盲从的...an implicit warning to the Moroccans not to continue or repeat the military actions they began a week ago.…叫摩洛哥人不要继续或重复一周前开始的军事行动的含蓄警告。The jury implicitly criticized the government by their verdict.陪审团通过他们的裁决含蓄地批评了政府。Trust is implicit in the system.信任是这种体制里内含的。He had implicit faith in the noble intentions of the Emperor.他对皇帝的崇高旨意笃信不疑。I trust him implicitly.我绝对信任他。
imprison  vt. 监禁；关押；使…下狱He was imprisoned for 18 months on charges of theft.他因盗窃指控而被监禁了18个月。
impromptu  n. 即兴曲；即席演出This afternoon the Palestinians held an impromptu press conference.今天下午巴勒斯坦人召开了一场临时记者招待会。
impulse  n. 冲动；[电子] 脉冲；刺激；神经冲动；推动力Unable to resist the impulse, he glanced at the sea again.他抑制不住冲动，又看了一眼大海。It works by sending a series of electrical impulses which are picked up by hi-tech sensors.它通过传输由高技术传感器收集的电脉冲而起作用。The curtains were an impulse buy.这窗帘是一时心血来潮买下的。Sean's a fast thinker, and he acts on impulse.肖恩是个思维敏捷、凭一时冲动行事的人。
inborn  adj. 天生的；先天的He had an inborn talent for languages.他有天生的语言才能。
inclusive  adj. 包括的，包含的The academy is far more inclusive now than it used to be.该学院如今比过去更为兼收并蓄。You are also invited to join us on our prayer days (this year, June 6 to June 14 inclusive).你也受邀加入我们的祷告日（今年从6月6日（含）至6月14日（含））。...all prices are inclusive of delivery.…所有价格包括运费。The outpatient programme costs $105 per day, all inclusive.门诊病人方案收费每人每天105美元，一切费用包括在内。
incompatible  adj. 不相容的；矛盾的；不能同时成立的They feel strongly that their religion is incompatible with the political system.他们强烈地感到他们的宗教信仰与政治体制格格不入。Incompatibility between the mother's and the baby's blood groups may cause jaundice.母亲和胎儿的血型不合有可能导致黄疸。This made its mini-computers incompatible with its mainframes.这使得它的微型电脑与其主机不兼容。
incorporate  vt. 包含，吸收；体现；把……合并The new cars will incorporate a number of major improvements.这种新型汽车将包含许多重大的改进。The agreement would allow the rebels to be incorporated into a new national police force.该协议将允许叛军并入一支新的国家警察部队。
incredible  adj. 难以置信的，惊人的；极好的The wildflowers will be incredible after this rain.这场雨过后，野花将开得非常好。Their father was incredibly good-looking.他们的父亲十分英俊。It seemed incredible that people would still want to play football during a war.在战争期间人们仍然想踢足球，这似乎不可思议。Incredibly, some people don't like the name.令人难以置信的是，有些人不喜欢这个名字。I work an incredible amount of hours.我工作的时间极长。It was incredibly hard work.那是个非常艰辛的工作。
index  n. 指标；指数；索引；指针...the consumer price index.…消费价格指数。There's even a special subject index.甚至有一个特别的主题索引。A quarter of this vast archive has been indexed and made accessible to researchers.这批数量巨大的档案的1/4都已编了索引，可供研究者查阅。Minimum benefits and wages are to be indexed to inflation.最低养老金和最低工资都要与通货膨胀挂钩。
indifferent  adj. 漠不关心的；无关紧要的；中性的，中立的People have become indifferent to the suffering of others.人们已经变得对别人的痛苦漠不关心。"Not that it matters," said Trujillo indifferently.“它倒不是那么重要”，特鲁希略漠然地说。She had starred in several very indifferent movies.她领衔主演过好几部非常平庸的电影。...a shoddy piece of work, poorly written, indifferently performed.…一部粗制滥造的作品，写得差劲，演得也蹩脚。
indignant  adj. 愤愤不平的；义愤的He is indignant at suggestions that they were secret agents.他对关于他们是特务的暗示很愤慨。He was indignant that his rival was offered the job.他对他的对手得到了那份工作感到愤愤不平。"That is not true," Erica said indignantly.“那不是真的，”埃丽卡气愤地说。
induce  vt. 诱导；引起；引诱；感应Doctors said surgery could induce a heart attack.医生们说手术可能导致心脏病。More than 4,000 teachers were induced to take early retirement.四千多名教师被劝说提前退休。
induction  n. [电磁] 感应；归纳法；感应现象；入门培训，入职仪式，就职；诱导...his induction as president.…他的总统就职仪式。
inductive  adj. [数] 归纳的；[电] 感应的；诱导的
infect  vt. 感染，传染A single mosquito can infect a large number of people.一只蚊子就能传染很多人。...objects used by an infected person.…一名感染者使用过的物品。...plants that are resistant to infection.…抗感染的植物。The birds infect the milk.鸟使牛奶受污染。For an instant I was infected by her fear.一瞬间，我被她的恐惧所感染。He thought they might infect others with their bourgeois ideas.他认为他们可能用中产阶级思想去影响别人。This virus infected thousands of computers across the U.S. and Europe within days.这种病毒几天之内就使美国和欧洲成千上万台电脑中毒。
infectious  adj. 传染的；传染性的；易传染的...infectious diseases such as measles.…像麻疹这样的传染病。She radiates an infectious enthusiasm for everything she does.她做的每件事都散发出一种有感染力的热情。
inferior  adj. 差的；自卑的；下级的，下等的The cassettes were of inferior quality.这些盒式磁带质量较差。This resulted in overpriced and often inferior products.这就导致产品标价过高而往往质量较次。He preferred the company of those who were intellectually inferior to himself.他喜欢与那些智力不如他的人为伍。It was a gentleman's duty always to be civil, even to his inferiors.一个绅士的责任是一直保持彬彬有礼，即使是对比自己地位低的人。I found it difficult to shake off a sense of social inferiority.我发现很难摆脱社会地位低下的自卑感。
ingredient  n. 原料；要素；组成部分Mix in the remaining ingredients.掺入剩下的原料。The meeting had all the ingredients of high political drama.这次会议拥有了极富戏剧性的政治紧张场面的全部要素。
inlet  n. 入口，进口；插入物；水湾A tiny fishing village by a rocky inlet.岩石嶙峋的水湾边上的一个小渔村。
inner  adj. 内部的；内心的；精神的She got up and went into an inner office.她起身走进里间办公室。Loving relationships that a child makes will give him an inner sense of security.儿童所建立的友爱关系会使他的内心有一种安全感。
innumerable  adj. 无数的，数不清的He has invented innumerable excuses, told endless lies.他编造了数不清的借口，说了无止尽的谎言。
insane  adj. 疯狂的；精神病的；极愚蠢的Some people simply can't take it and they just go insane.一些人就是接受不了，于是便变得精神错乱。He asked me what I thought and I said, "Listen, this is completely insane."他问我是怎么想的，我说，“听着，这十分愚蠢。”I would be insanely jealous if Bill left me for another woman.如果比尔为了另一个女人而离开我，我会妒忌得发疯的。
inspect  vt. 检查；视察；检阅Elaine went outside to inspect the playing field.伊莱恩到外边去检查运动场。"Excellent work," he said when he had completed his inspection of the painted doors.“干得好，”他在检查完刷过油漆的门之后说道。The Public Utilities Commission inspects us once a year.公用设施委员会每年到我们这里视察一次。Officers making a routine inspection of the vessel found fifty kilograms of cocaine.对船只做例行检查的警官们发现了50公斤可卡因。
instrumental  adj. 乐器的；有帮助的；仪器的，器械的In his first years as chairman he was instrumental in raising the company's wider profile.在刚担任董事长的头几年，他在提升公司形象方面发挥了作用。...a CD of vocal and instrumental music.…一张声乐和器乐光盘。After a couple of brief instrumentals, he puts his guitar down.演奏了几首简短的器乐曲之后，他放下了吉他。
intact  adj. 完整的；原封不动的；未受损伤的Customs men put dynamite in the water to destroy the cargo, but most of it was left intact.海关人员把炸药放入水中以摧毁货物，但大部分货物却完好无损。
intellect  n. 智力，理解力；知识分子；思维逻辑领悟力；智力高的人Do the emotions develop in parallel with the intellect?情感与智力同步发展吗？She is famed for her intellect.她因才智而出名。
interact  vt. 互相影响；互相作用While the other children interacted and played together, Ted ignored them.当其他孩子们相互交往、一起玩耍时，泰德却不理他们。...superficial interactions with other people.…和其他人的表面交往。...new, simplified ways of interacting with a computer.…与计算机互动的简化新方法。...experts on human-computer interaction.…人机互动专家。You have to understand how cells interact.你必须得了解细胞之间是如何相互作用的。...the interaction between physical and emotional illness.…生理疾病和心理疾病之间的相互作用。
interactive  adj. 交互式的；相互作用的This will make computer games more interactive than ever.这将使电脑游戏比以前更具交互性。...digital television, with more channels and interactivity.…有更多频道和交互功能的数字电视。There is little evidence that this encouraged flexible, interactive teaching in the classroom.几乎没有证据表明这促进灵活互动的课堂教学。
interfere  vi. 干涉；妨碍；打扰I wish everyone would stop interfering and just leave me alone.我希望所有人都不再干涉我，让我一个人静一静。Smoking and drinking interfere with your body's ability to process oxygen.吸烟和喝酒妨碍身体对氧的吸收能力。
interim  adj. 临时的，暂时的；中间的；间歇的She was sworn in as head of an interim government in March.她3月份宣誓出任临时政府首脑。But, in the interim, we obviously have a duty to maintain law and order.但是，在过渡时期我们显然有责任维持法律与秩序。
intermediate  vi. 起媒介作用Do you make any intermediate stops between your home and work?你在住所和工作地点之间停留吗？Students are categorized as novice, intermediate, or advanced.学生分为新生、中级生或高级生。The ski school coaches beginners, intermediates, and advanced skiers.滑雪学校训练初级、中级和高级水平的滑雪者。
internal  n. 内脏；本质The country stepped up internal security.该国加强了国内安全防卫。...Russia's Ministry of Internal Affairs.…俄罗斯内务部。The state is not a unified and internally coherent entity.这个国家不是一个内部凝聚的统一体。The doctor said the internal bleeding had been massive.医生说内出血的量很大。Evening primrose oil is used on the skin as well as taken internally.夜来香油可外用在皮肤上，也可内服。
intimate  adj. 亲密的；私人的；精通的；有性关系的I discussed with my intimate friends whether I would immediately have a baby.我和我的密友们商量我是不是该马上要孩子。He did not feel he had got to know them intimately.他觉得自己不必和他们亲密熟悉。...their intimate moments with their boyfriends.…她们和其男友们的私密时刻。You have to be willing to get to know yourself and your partner intimately.你必须乐意在私密方面逐渐了解自己和伴侣。He wrote about the intimate details of his family life.他写下了家庭生活中一些私人的细节。It was the first time they had attempted to talk intimately.这是他们第一次试图私下交谈。...an intimate candlelit dinner for two.…宁静怡人的一次二人烛光晚餐。...an intimate connection between madness and wisdom.…疯狂和睿智之间的一种密切联系。Scientific research and conservation are intimately connected.科学研究与环境保护联系密切。He surprised me with his intimate knowledge of Kierkegaard and Schopenhauer.他对克尔恺郭尔和叔本华的深刻了解令我感到惊奇。...a golden age of musicians whose work she knew intimately.…她熟知的那些音乐家们的一个黄金时代。He went on to intimate that he was indeed contemplating a shake-up of the company.他接着暗示他确实在考虑对公司进行一次改组。
intimate  adj. 亲密的；私人的；精通的；有性关系的I discussed with my intimate friends whether I would immediately have a baby.我和我的密友们商量我是不是该马上要孩子。He did not feel he had got to know them intimately.他觉得自己不必和他们亲密熟悉。...their intimate moments with their boyfriends.…她们和其男友们的私密时刻。You have to be willing to get to know yourself and your partner intimately.你必须乐意在私密方面逐渐了解自己和伴侣。He wrote about the intimate details of his family life.他写下了家庭生活中一些私人的细节。It was the first time they had attempted to talk intimately.这是他们第一次试图私下交谈。...an intimate candlelit dinner for two.…宁静怡人的一次二人烛光晚餐。...an intimate connection between madness and wisdom.…疯狂和睿智之间的一种密切联系。Scientific research and conservation are intimately connected.科学研究与环境保护联系密切。He surprised me with his intimate knowledge of Kierkegaard and Schopenhauer.他对克尔恺郭尔和叔本华的深刻了解令我感到惊奇。...a golden age of musicians whose work she knew intimately.…她熟知的那些音乐家们的一个黄金时代。He went on to intimate that he was indeed contemplating a shake-up of the company.他接着暗示他确实在考虑对公司进行一次改组。
intimidate  vt. 恐吓，威胁；胁迫Jones had set out to intimidate and dominate Paul.琼斯曾试图威胁并控制保罗。...an inquiry into allegations of intimidation during last week's vote.…一项对上周选举期间恐吓指控的调查。
intrinsic  adj. 本质的，固有的Diamonds have little intrinsic value and their price depends almost entirely on their scarcity.钻石没有多少内在价值，它们的价格几乎完全取决于其稀有程度。Sometimes I wonder if people are intrinsically evil.有时我怀疑人是否生来就是邪恶的。
invalid  adj. 无效的；有病的；残疾的I hate being treated as an invalid.我讨厌被当作病人对待。The trial was stopped and the results declared invalid.审判被终止了，其结果被宣布无效。We think that those arguments are rendered invalid by the facts.我们认为那些论点在事实面前站不住脚。
invariable  adj. 不变的；常数的There are no absolute, invariable moral rules.没有绝对的，不变的道德准则。
invisible  adj. 无形的，看不见的；无形的；不显眼的，暗藏的The lines were so finely etched as to be invisible from a distance.这些线条蚀刻得如此精细，离远点都看不出来。A thin coil of smoke rose almost invisibly into the sharp, bright sky.一缕轻烟几乎不见踪迹地升上了耀眼的晴空。All the time you are in doubt about the cause of your illness, you are fighting against an invisible enemy.一直以来你都在怀疑自己的病因，你是在和一个无形的敌人斗争。...the tradition that invisibly shapes things in the present.…这种无形地影响着现有事物的传统。It was strange, how invisible a clerk could feel.很奇怪一名职员会感到如此地受人忽视。She takes up the issue of the invisibility of women and women's concerns in society.她着手处理社会上对妇女及其所关注的事物的忽视问题。...The Invisible Man.…《隐身人》。The revenue from tourism is the biggest single item in the country's invisible earnings.旅游收入是该国非贸易性收益中最大的单项收入。
irrespective  adj. 无关的；不考虑的；不顾的...their commitment to a society based on equality for all citizens irrespective of ethnic origin.…他们为建设一个没有种族差别、全民平等的社会所做出的贡献。
irrigate  vt. 灌溉；冲洗；使清新None of the water from Lake Powell is used to irrigate the area.鲍威尔湖的水没有被用来灌溉这一地区。The agricultural land is hilly and the irrigation poor.这片农田多丘陵，而且灌溉条件很差。
jealous  adj. 妒忌的；猜疑的；唯恐失去的；戒备的She got insanely jealous and there was a terrible fight.她变得过分地猜忌，接着是一场激烈的打斗。The formula is jealously guarded.对该配方戒备森严。She was jealous of his wealth.她嫉妒他的富有。Gloria eyed them jealously.格洛丽亚当时嫉妒地看着他们。
jerk  n. 肌肉抽搐；性情古怪的人；蠢人；急拉Mr. Griffin jerked forward in his chair.格里芬先生在椅子上猛地向前一动。"This is Brady Coyne," said Sam, jerking his head in my direction.“这是布雷迪·科因”，萨姆说，他的头朝我这边甩了一下。He indicated the bedroom with a jerk of his head.他用头的猝然一动示意了卧室的方向。The guy is such a jerk! He only cares about himself.这家伙真是个蠢货！他只关心他自己。
jog  vt. 慢跑；轻推；蹒跚行进；使颠簸I got up early the next morning to jog.我次日清晨早起去慢跑了。He went for another early morning jog.他又去晨跑了。It isn't the walking and jogging that got his weight down.不是散步和慢跑使他体重下降了。Avoid jogging the camera.不要碰摄像机。Police have planned a reconstruction of the crime tomorrow in the hope that this will jog the memory of passersby.警方已计划明天再现犯罪过程，希望以此唤起过路人的记忆。
judicial  adj. 公正的，明断的；法庭的；审判上的...an independent judicial system.…一个独立的司法体系。...efforts to manipulate the judicial process.…操纵审判程序的努力。Even if the amendment is passed it can be defeated judicially.即使这项修正案获得了通过，它也有可能通过司法程序被否决。
kidnap  vt. 绑架；诱拐；拐骗Police in Brazil uncovered a plot to kidnap him.巴西警方侦破了一起要绑架他的阴谋。They were middle-class university students, intelligent and educated, yet they chose to kidnap and kill.他们是中产阶级大学生，聪明而且受过教育，却选择了绑架和谋杀。His kidnappers have threatened that they will kill him unless three militants are released from prison.绑架者威胁说，如果不释放3个武装分子出狱，他们就会杀了他。Stewart denies attempted murder and kidnap.斯图尔特否认有谋杀和绑架的企图。
knit  vi. 编织；结合；皱眉I had endless hours to knit and sew.我有无数的时间来缝缝织织。I have already started knitting baby clothes.我已经开始织婴儿的衣服了。Ferris wore a heavy knit sweater.菲立斯穿着一件织得厚厚的毛衣。The best thing about sports is that they knit the whole family close together.体育运动最大的好处就是将全家紧密连接在一起。...a closer-knit family.…一个连接更为紧密的家庭。The bone hasn't knitted together properly.骨头还没有完全愈合。
knot  n. （绳等的）结；节瘤，疙瘩；海里/小时（航速单位）One lace had broken and been tied in a knot.一根带子已经断了，被打成一个结。He knotted the laces securely together.他把带子牢牢地系在一起。He knotted the bandanna around his neck.他把印花大围巾系在他的脖子上。There was a knot of tension in his stomach.他心里一阵紧张。I felt my stomach knot with apprehension.我感到心里因为担心而揪紧。His forehead knotted in a frown.他的眉头紧皱。A carpenter often rejects half his wood because of knots or cracks.木匠常常因为有节疤或裂缝而把一半的木材都扔掉。They travel at speeds of up to 30 knots.他们以高达30节的航速行进。
lace  n. 花边；鞋带；饰带；少量烈酒She finally found the perfect gown, a beautiful creation trimmed with lace.她最终找到了那件完美的大衣，款式漂亮、饰有花边。Barry was sitting on the bed, tying the laces of an old pair of running shoes.巴里正坐在床上系一双旧跑鞋的鞋带。I have a good pair of skates, but no matter how tightly I lace them, my ankles wobble.我有一双很好的溜冰鞋，但是无论我把鞋带系得多么紧，我的脚踝还是在里面晃荡。He sat on the steps, and laced up his boots.他坐在台阶上系好靴子。She laced his food with sleeping pills.她在他的食物里加了安眠药。
lash  vt. 鞭打；冲击；摆动；扎捆；煽动；讽刺...sombre grey eyes, with unusually long lashes.…忧郁的灰眼睛，长着特长的睫毛。Secure the anchor by lashing it to the rail.把锚紧紧地捆在横木上。The shelter is built by lashing poles together to form a small dome.该掩蔽处是把杆子捆到一起形成一个小圆顶而搭建成。The worst winter storms of the century lashed the east coast of North America.本世纪最猛烈的暴风雪袭击了北美的东海岸。She went quiet for a moment while she summoned up the words to lash him.她沉默了一会儿，想了些话来怒斥他。The villagers sentenced one man to five lashes for stealing a ham from his neighbour.村民们判一个男人5下鞭刑，因为他偷了一个邻居的火腿。
lean  vi. 倾斜；倚靠；倾向；依赖Eileen leaned across and opened the passenger door.艾琳探过身来打开了乘客门。She was feeling tired and was glad to lean against him.她感到累了，乐意靠在他身上。Lean the plants against a wall and cover the roots with peat.把这些植物靠在墙上，用泥炭盖住根部。Like most athletes, she was lean and muscular.像大部分运动员一样，她清瘦而且肌肉强健。It is a beautiful meat, very lean and tender.这是一块好肉，又瘦又嫩。...reforms which turned us into a lean and competitive nation.…使我们成为高效率、竞争力强的国家的改革。My parents lived through the lean years of the 1930s.我的父母经历了20世纪30年代的萧条期。
lean  vi. 倾斜；倚靠；倾向；依赖Eileen leaned across and opened the passenger door.艾琳探过身来打开了乘客门。She was feeling tired and was glad to lean against him.她感到累了，乐意靠在他身上。Lean the plants against a wall and cover the roots with peat.把这些植物靠在墙上，用泥炭盖住根部。Like most athletes, she was lean and muscular.像大部分运动员一样，她清瘦而且肌肉强健。It is a beautiful meat, very lean and tender.这是一块好肉，又瘦又嫩。...reforms which turned us into a lean and competitive nation.…使我们成为高效率、竞争力强的国家的改革。My parents lived through the lean years of the 1930s.我的父母经历了20世纪30年代的萧条期。
legislative  adj. 立法的；有立法权的Today's hearing was just the first step in the legislative process.今天的听证会仅仅是立法程序的第一步。
legitimate  adj. 合法的；正当的；合理的；正统的The French government has condemned the coup in Haiti and has demanded the restoration of the legitimate government.法国政府已经谴责了海地的政变，并要求恢复合法政府。The opposition parties do not recognize the political legitimacy of his government.反对党不承认他的政府的政治合法性。That's a perfectly legitimate fear.那是种完全合乎逻辑的恐惧。Sampras beat Carl-Uwe Steeb by 6-1, 6-2, 6-1 to underline the legitimacy of his challenge for the title.桑普拉斯以6比1、6比2和6比1战胜了卡尔-尤韦·斯蒂布，证明了他挑战冠军头衔的合理性。
liability  n. 责任；债务；倾向；可能性；不利因素As the president's prestige continues to fall, they're clearly beginning to consider him a liability.随着总统的威信持续下降，他们显然开始认为他是一个累赘。The company had assets of $138 million and liabilities of $120.5 million.该公司有1.38亿美元资产和1.205亿美元的负债。
lick  vt. 舔；卷过；鞭打She folded up her letter, licking the envelope flap with relish.她把信折起来，享受地舔着信封盖。It's incredible how long a cat can go without more than a lick of milk or water.不可思议的是，猫不舔一口奶或一滴水能活这么久。It could do with a lick of paint to brighten up its premises.用一点涂料就可以让房子明亮起来。
likewise  adv. 同样地；也What is fair for homeowners likewise should be fair to businesses.对私房业主公平的，同样也该对商家公平。He lent money, made donations and encouraged others to do likewise.他把钱借出、捐出，并鼓励其他人这么做。
limb  n. 肢，臂；分支；枝干She would be able to stretch out her cramped limbs and rest for a few hours.她将可以伸开蜷缩的四肢，休息几个小时。They can see themselves going out on a limb, voting for a very controversial energy bill.他们会发现自己由于投票赞成一个有争议的能源法案而陷入困境。
literal  adj. 文字的；逐字的；无夸张的In many cases, the people there are fighting, in a literal sense, for their homes.多数情况下，那里的人们实际上都是在为他们的家园而战斗。A literal translation of the name Tapies is "walls."名字的字面翻译是“墙”。
litter  n. 垃圾；轿，担架；一窝（动物的幼崽）；凌乱If you see litter in the corridor, pick it up.如果你看到走廊里有垃圾，就把它捡起来。Glass from broken bottles litters the sidewalk.碎瓶子的玻璃渣散落在人行道上。The entrance hall is littered with toys.入口大厅里散落着玩具。History is littered with men and women spurred into achievement by a father's disregard.历史上常有受父亲漠视的刺激而取得成就的男男女女。...a litter of pups.…一窝小狗。
locality  n. 所在；位置；地点Following the discovery of the explosives the president cancelled his visit to the locality.发现爆炸物之后总统取消了对该地区的访问。
locomotive  adj. 火车头的；运动的；移动的
log  vi. 伐木He dumped the logs on the big stone hearth.他把木柴扔进那个大石炉里。The family made an official complaint to a ship's officer, which was recorded in the log.这家人向一位高级船员提出过正式投诉，此事记入了航行日志。They log everyone and everything that comes in and out of here.他们把在这里出入的人和发生的事都记入日志。
lubricate  vi. 润滑；涂油；起润滑剂作用Mineral oils are used to lubricate machinery.矿物油被用来润滑机器。Use a touch of linseed oil for lubrication.用一点蓖麻油来润滑一下。
lump  n. 块，块状；肿块；瘤；很多；笨人The potter shaped and squeezed the lump of clay into a graceful shape.制陶工人把一块黏土塑形，压成漂亮的形状。...a lump of wood.…一块木头。I've got a lump on my shoulder.我的肩膀上有个肿块。...a nugget of rough gold about the size of a lump of sugar.…未加工的天然金块，约一块方糖大小。I stood there with a lump in my throat and tried to fight back tears.我站在那儿，喉咙哽咽，拼命忍住眼泪。
machinery  n. 机械；机器；机构；机械装置...quality tools and machinery.…优质工具和机械。The machinery of democracy could be created quickly.民主体制很快就能建立起来。
magistrate  n. 地方法官；文职官员；治安推事She will face a local magistrate on Tuesday.她将在星期二面见一位地方治安法官。
majesty  n. 威严；最高权威，王权；雄伟；权威His Majesty requests your presence in the royal chambers.国王陛下要求你在皇室受召见。...the majesty of the mainland mountains.…大陆山岳的壮美。
make  vt. 使得；进行；布置，准备，整理；制造；认为；获得；形成；安排；引起；构成I'd just like to make a comment.我只想做一下评论。I made a few phone calls.我打了几个电话。Apparently he made a mess of his audition.显然他把试演搞得一团糟。Mary made as if to protest, then hesitated.玛丽似乎要抗议，又犹豫了。Why make do with a copy if you can afford the genuine article?如果你买得起正品，为什么还拿复制品凑合呢？Dirt from the motorway made him cough.公路上的灰尘使他咳嗽起来。The white tips of his shirt collar made him look like a choirboy.他衬衣的白色领尖使他看起来像个唱诗班男童。You can't make me do anything.你不能强迫我做任何事。...James Bond, the role that made him a star.…詹姆斯·邦德，那个使他成为明星的角色。She made life very difficult for me.她使我的生活变得很艰难。They live in fantasy worlds which make Disneyland seem uninventive.他们生活在幻想世界里，那些幻想使迪斯尼乐园也显得毫无创意。He learned enough Spanish to make himself understood.他学的西班牙语足以让别人明白他。He made her a director in his numerous companies.他任命她为他数家公司的主管。We made it into a beautiful home.我们把它变成了一个漂亮的家。This makes the total cost of the bulb and energy $27.这使得灯泡和电量的总耗费升为$27。Lorenzo was a natural leader who made friends easily.洛伦佐是个天生的领导者，结交朋友容易。She made her own bread.她自己做了面包。Having curtains made professionally can be costly.找专业人员制作窗帘会很贵。Mr. Perry made a note in his book.佩里先生在他的书里做了批注。The police don't make the laws, they merely enforce them.警察不制定法律，只是执行法律。I think every business's goal is to make money.我想每笔生意的目的都是赚钱。You could certainly make a case for this point of view.你当然可以为这种观点做解释。The only car parked outside is a black Saab – a different make.停在外面的惟一一辆车是黑色的萨博–一个不同的牌子。She'll make a good actress, if she gets the right training.如果她得到恰当训练，她会成为一名好演员。You've a very good idea there. It will make a good book.你的那个绝妙观点会使之成为一本好书。A group of people made a circle around the Pentagon.一群人绕五角大楼围成了一个圈。Four twos make eight.4个2是8。The athletes are just happy to make the team.那些运动员很高兴加入该队。The engine is gulping two tons of fuel an hour in order to make New Orleans by nightfall.引擎每小时消耗两吨燃料以便在天黑之前赶到新奥尔良。So you did make it to America, after all.这样你终究成功到达了美国。...the hostages who never made it home.…始终没能回家的人质们。I believe I have the talent to make it.我相信我有获得成功的才干。He hadn't been able to make it to our dinner.他没能如约参加我们的晚宴。"How many shots has she got left?"—"I make it two."“她还剩几颗子弹？”–“我估计是两颗。”I make it nearly nine o'clock.我的表上快9:00了。
malicious  adj. 恶意的；恶毒的；蓄意的；怀恨的That might merely have been malicious gossip.那可能只是恶意闲言。...his maliciously accurate imitation of Hubert de Burgh.…他对休伯特·德·伯格的恶意精确模仿。
margin  n. 边缘；利润，余裕；页边的空白They could end up with a 50-point winning margin.他们最后可能会以50点的优势获胜。She added her comments in the margin.她在页边空白处加上了她的评语。The money is collected in a straightforward way with little margin for error.这笔钱是直接募集上来的, 几乎没有出错的余地。...the low coastal plain along the western margin.…沿着西部边缘地带的低洼海岸平原。Students have played an important role in the past, but for the moment, they're on the margins.学生们过去发挥了重要的作用，但现在，他们不再重要了。
massacre  vt. 残杀；彻底击败Maria lost her 62-year-old mother in the massacre.玛丽亚在大屠杀中失去了她62岁的母亲。300 civilians are believed to have been massacred by the rebels.据信300名平民被叛乱分子屠杀了。
massive  adj. 大量的；巨大的，厚重的；魁伟的There was evidence of massive fraud.有证据表明是巨额欺诈。...massive air attacks.…大规模的空袭。...a massively popular game.…一种非常受欢迎的游戏。He died six weeks later of a massive heart attack.他6周后死于一次严重的心脏病发作。
mastermind  vt. 策划There are many theories as to who masterminded the attacks.关于谁策划了这些攻击，有许多的猜测。He was the mastermind behind the plan to acquire the explosives.他是获取炸药计划的幕后操纵者。
melody  n. 旋律；歌曲；美妙的音乐I whistle melodies from Beethoven and Vivaldi and the more popular classical composers.我用口哨吹贝多芬、维瓦尔迪和更大众化一些的古典作曲家的曲子。
melt  vi. 熔化，溶解；渐混The snow had melted, but the lake was still frozen solid.雪已经融化了，但湖面仍然冻得结结实实。Meanwhile, melt the white chocolate in a bowl suspended over simmering water.同时，把碗架在快烧开的水上，融化碗里的白巧克力。His anxiety about the outcome melted, only to return later.他对结果的焦虑消失了，但过后又来了。When he heard these words, Scot felt his inner doubts melt away.听到这些话，斯科特觉得内心的疑虑消失了。The youths dispersed and melted into the darkness.年轻人们散开了，消失在夜色中。
memorial  n. 纪念碑，纪念馆；纪念仪式；纪念物Building a memorial to Columbus has been his lifelong dream.建一座哥伦布纪念碑一直是他一生的梦想。A memorial service is being held for her at St. Paul's Church.一场为她举行的纪念仪式正在圣保罗教堂举行。The museum will serve as a memorial to the millions who passed through Ellis Island.这个博物馆将成为曾经过埃利斯岛的数百万人的纪念馆。
memorize  vt. 记住，背熟；记忆He studied his map, trying to memorize the way to Rose's street.他研究了地图，努力记住去罗丝家那条街的路。
menace  n. 威胁；恐吓In my view, you are a menace to the public.在我看来，你对公众是一个威胁。You're a menace to my privacy, Kenton.你是个侵犯我隐私的讨厌的人，肯顿。There is a pervading sense of menace.有一种在蔓延的危险感。They seem determined to menace the United States and its allies.他们好像决心要威胁美国及其盟国。
migrate  vi. 移动；随季节而移居；移往People migrate to cities like Jakarta in search of work.人们移居到雅加达这样的城市找工作。...the migration of Soviet Jews to Israel.…苏联犹太人向以色列的迁移。Most birds have to fly long distances to migrate.大多数的鸟类不得不飞行很长的距离进行迁徙。...the migration of animals in the Serengeti.…塞伦盖蒂的动物迁徙。
recede  vi. 后退；减弱Luke's footsteps receded into the night.卢克的脚步声渐渐消失在夜色中。As she receded he waved goodbye.当她离去时，他挥手告别。Just as I started to think that I was never going to get well, the illness began to recede.就在我开始认为我将永远不会好起来的时候，我的病开始好转。...a youngish man with dark hair just beginning to recede.…一个前额黑发刚开始脱落的相当年轻的男人。
recipe  n. 食谱；[临床] 处方；秘诀；烹饪法...a traditional recipe for buttermilk biscuits.…一个酪乳饼干的传统烹饪法。Large-scale inflation is a recipe for disaster.大规模的通货膨胀有可能导致灾难。
reckless  adj. 鲁莽的，不顾后果的；粗心大意的He is charged with reckless driving.他被控莽撞驾驶。He was leaning recklessly out of the open window.他鲁莽地从开着的窗户探出身子。
recognition  n. 识别；承认，认出；重视；赞誉；公认He searched for a sign of recognition on her face, but there was none.他在她的脸上搜寻她认出来的迹象，但没有。Recognition of the importance of career development is increasing.对职业发展重要性的认可在不断增加。His government did not receive full recognition by the United States until July.他的政府直到7月才得到美国的完全承认。At last, her father's work has received popular recognition.最终，她父亲的工作得到了大家的普遍赞赏。...a small plaque in recognition of her contribution to the university.…一枚用以肯定她对该大学所做贡献的奖章。
reconcile  vt. 使一致；使和解；调停，调解；使顺从It's difficult to reconcile the demands of my job and the desire to be a good father.协调我工作的要求与我当个好父亲的愿望很难。He never believed he and Susan would be reconciled.他不认为他和苏珊会和好。...my attempt to reconcile him with Toby.…我使他与托比和解的努力。She had reconciled herself to never seeing him again.她不情愿地接受了再也不和他见面的事实。She felt, if not grateful for her own situation, at least a little more reconciled to it.她觉得，即便对自己的处境不心存感激，至少能将就一些了。
recount  vt. 叙述；重新计算He then recounted the story of the interview for his first job.他然后叙述了有关他第一份工作面试的故事。She wanted a recount. She couldn't believe that I got more votes than she did.她要求重新计票。她不相信我比她得票多。
recount  vt. 叙述；重新计算He then recounted the story of the interview for his first job.他然后叙述了有关他第一份工作面试的故事。She wanted a recount. She couldn't believe that I got more votes than she did.她要求重新计票。她不相信我比她得票多。
recycle  vt. 使再循环；使…重新利用The objective would be to recycle 98 percent of domestic waste.该目标是循环使用98%的生活垃圾。...a recycling plan.…一项回收利用计划。
redundant  adj. 多余的，过剩的；被解雇的，失业的；冗长的，累赘的Changes in technology may mean that once-valued skills are now redundant.技术的变化可能意味着从前受重视的技巧现在变得多余了。
refresh  vt. 更新；使……恢复；使……清新；消除……的疲劳The lotion cools and refreshes the skin.润肤液使皮肤凉爽清新。He awoke feeling completely refreshed.他醒来感觉精神完全恢复了。Many view these meetings as an occasion to share ideas and refresh friendship.很多人把这些聚会看作是交流思想、重叙友情的机会。He walked on the opposite side of the street to refresh his memory of the building.他走在街对面，以唤起对这栋大楼的记忆。I've refreshed the page a few times and still see no comments.这一页我已经反复刷新了几次，但是仍未见到任何评论。
regime  n. 政权，政体；社会制度；管理体制...the collapse of the Fascist regime at the end of the war.…战争结束时法西斯统治的崩溃。The authorities moved him to the less rigid regime of an open prison.当局把他移送到管理相对宽松的不设防监狱。He has a new fitness regime to strengthen his back.他有一套新的健康养生法来加强他的背部力量。
regiment  vt. 把…编成团；严格地管制...robust food, good enough to satisfy a regiment of hungry customers.…足够让一大批饥饿的顾客吃饱的丰盛食物。
rehearse  vt. 排练；预演In his version, a group of actors are rehearsing a play about Joan of Arc.按他说，一群演员正在排练一出关于圣女贞德的戏。Tens of thousands of people have been rehearsing for the opening ceremony in the new stadium.数万人一直在新体育场里为开幕式进行排练。Anticipate any tough questions and rehearse your answers.事先预想会有任何难的问题，然后在心里预演你的答复。
rein  n. 缰绳；驾驭；统治；支配Cord held the reins while the stallion tugged and snorted.当那匹牡马使劲挣扎，打着响鼻的时候，科德勒紧了缰绳。He was determined to see the party keep a hold on the reins of power.他决心要确保该党继续执掌政权。The government continued to believe it should give free rein to the private sector in transportation.政府继续认为应该给私营运输部门充分的自由。Her parents kept her on a tight rein with their narrow and inflexible views.她的父母目光短浅而又固执地严格控制着她。
rejoice  vi. 高兴；庆祝Garbo plays the queen, rejoicing in the love she has found with Antonio.嘉宝饰演沉浸在与安东尼奥爱情的欣喜中的王后。Party activists in New Hampshire rejoiced that the presidential campaign had finally started.新罕布什尔州的党派积极分子们为总统竞选活动终于开始而欣喜。There was general rejoicing at the news.这个消息带来一片欣喜。
relish  n. 滋味；风味；食欲；开胃小菜；含义；调味品I relish the challenge of doing jobs that others turn down.我喜欢接受挑战做别人拒绝做的工作。The three men ate with relish.那3个人吃得津津有味。
remainder  n. [数] 余数，残余；剩余物；其余的人He gulped down the remainder of his coffee.他一口喝完了剩下的咖啡。Only 5.9 percent of the area is now covered in trees. Most of the remainder is farmland.该地区现在的树木覆盖率仅为5.9％。剩余部分大多是农田。
reminiscence  n. 回忆；怀旧；引起联想的相似事物Here I am boring you with my reminiscences.我的这些陈年老事让你烦了吧。
remnant  n. 剩余Beneath the present church were remnants of Roman flooring.在目前的这座教堂下面还有残余的古罗马地板。
removal  n. 免职；移动；排除；搬迁What they expected to be the removal of a small lump turned out to be major surgery.他们本以为只是切除一个小肿块，结果却成了个大手术。
renew  vt. 使更新；续借；续费；复兴；重申He renewed his attack on government policy toward Europe.他重新开始抨击政府的欧洲政策。When the two men met again after the war they renewed their friendship.当这两个男人战后重逢时，他们恢复了友谊。Larry's landlord threatened not to renew his lease.拉里的房东威胁说不再让他续租。Nature's repair process is slow and steady, with cells being constantly renewed.自然的修复过程缓慢而稳定，在此过程中细胞不断再生。
renowned  adj. 著名的；有声望的The area is renowned for its Romanesque churches.这个地区以其罗马式教堂闻名。
repay  vi. 偿还；报答；报复He advanced funds of his own to his company, which was unable to repay him.他把自己的资金预付给公司，公司却未能偿还给他。It was very kind. I don't know how I can ever repay you.太好了。我不知道怎样才能报答你。
reproduce  vt. 复制；再生；生殖；使…在脑海中重现The effect has proved hard to reproduce.这种效果经证实很难再造。We are grateful to you for permission to reproduce this article.我们很感激您允许我们复印这篇文章。If we can reproduce the form we have shown in the last couple of months we will be successful.如果我们能够重演上两个月表现出来的状态，我们就会成功。...a society where women are defined by their ability to reproduce.…一个以生育能力来定位妇女角色的社会。We are reproducing ourselves at such a rate that our numbers threaten the ecology of the planet.我们繁衍得如此之快，以至于人口数量威胁到地球的生态系统。Treatments using assisted reproduction techniques jumped 30 percent.使用辅助技术的生育疗法猛增了30％。
resent  vt. 怨恨；愤恨；厌恶She resents her mother for being so tough on her.她恨她的妈妈对她如此苛刻。
resort  n. 凭借，手段；度假胜地；常去之地His punishing work schedule had made him resort to drugs.他那累人的工作日程已经使他不得不求助于毒品了。Congress has a responsibility to ensure that all peaceful options are exhausted before resort to war.国会有责任确保在所有和平的手段用尽之后再诉诸武力。Nuclear weapons should be used only as a last resort.核武器应该只被用作最后手段。The ski resorts are expanding to meet the growing number of skiers that come here.该滑雪胜地正在扩建以应付来这里滑雪的不断增长的人数。
resourceful  adj. 资源丰富的；足智多谋的；机智的He was amazingly inventive and resourceful, and played a major role in my career.他极具创造力又足智多谋，在我的职业生涯中起了重要的作用。Because of his adventures, he is a person of far greater experience and resourcefulness.由于他的各种冒险经历，他是个在经验和足智多谋上都远胜一筹的人。
responsive  adj. 响应的；应答的；回答的Harriet was an easy, responsive little girl.哈丽特是个随和、敏感的小姑娘。This condition decreases sexual desire and responsiveness.这种情况会降低性的欲望和敏感。With an election coming soon, your representative should be very responsive to your request.大选在即，你们的代表应该对你们的要求作出迅速积极的反应。Such responsiveness to public pressure is extraordinary.对公众压力如此快速积极的反应是非凡的。
restrict  vt. 限制；约束；限定There is talk of raising the admission requirements to restrict the number of students on campus.有提高录取条件来限制校园里学生数量的说法。Since the costs of science were rising faster than inflation, some restriction on funding was necessary.既然科学成本上涨快于通货膨胀，资助上的一些限制是必要的。The government imprisoned dissidents, forbade travel, and restricted the press.政府关押了持不同政见者，禁止了出游，限制了新闻自由。...the justification for this restriction of individual liberty.…对限制个人自由的辩护。For the first two weeks, patients are restricted to the grounds.最初两周病人们被限制在院内活动。Trustees had decided to restrict university entry to about 30 percent of applicants.董事们已经决定把大学入学率限定在申请人数的30％左右。
restructure  vt. 调整；重建；更改结构The president called on educators and politicians to help him restructure American education.该总统号召教育家和政治家们帮助他重新建构美国的教育。The company is to lay off 1,520 workers as part of a restructuring.作为改组的一部分，这家公司将解雇1520名工人。
recede  vi. 后退；减弱Luke's footsteps receded into the night.卢克的脚步声渐渐消失在夜色中。As she receded he waved goodbye.当她离去时，他挥手告别。Just as I started to think that I was never going to get well, the illness began to recede.就在我开始认为我将永远不会好起来的时候，我的病开始好转。...a youngish man with dark hair just beginning to recede.…一个前额黑发刚开始脱落的相当年轻的男人。
recipe  n. 食谱；[临床] 处方；秘诀；烹饪法...a traditional recipe for buttermilk biscuits.…一个酪乳饼干的传统烹饪法。Large-scale inflation is a recipe for disaster.大规模的通货膨胀有可能导致灾难。
reckless  adj. 鲁莽的，不顾后果的；粗心大意的He is charged with reckless driving.他被控莽撞驾驶。He was leaning recklessly out of the open window.他鲁莽地从开着的窗户探出身子。
recognition  n. 识别；承认，认出；重视；赞誉；公认He searched for a sign of recognition on her face, but there was none.他在她的脸上搜寻她认出来的迹象，但没有。Recognition of the importance of career development is increasing.对职业发展重要性的认可在不断增加。His government did not receive full recognition by the United States until July.他的政府直到7月才得到美国的完全承认。At last, her father's work has received popular recognition.最终，她父亲的工作得到了大家的普遍赞赏。...a small plaque in recognition of her contribution to the university.…一枚用以肯定她对该大学所做贡献的奖章。
reconcile  vt. 使一致；使和解；调停，调解；使顺从It's difficult to reconcile the demands of my job and the desire to be a good father.协调我工作的要求与我当个好父亲的愿望很难。He never believed he and Susan would be reconciled.他不认为他和苏珊会和好。...my attempt to reconcile him with Toby.…我使他与托比和解的努力。She had reconciled herself to never seeing him again.她不情愿地接受了再也不和他见面的事实。She felt, if not grateful for her own situation, at least a little more reconciled to it.她觉得，即便对自己的处境不心存感激，至少能将就一些了。
recount  vt. 叙述；重新计算He then recounted the story of the interview for his first job.他然后叙述了有关他第一份工作面试的故事。She wanted a recount. She couldn't believe that I got more votes than she did.她要求重新计票。她不相信我比她得票多。
recount  vt. 叙述；重新计算He then recounted the story of the interview for his first job.他然后叙述了有关他第一份工作面试的故事。She wanted a recount. She couldn't believe that I got more votes than she did.她要求重新计票。她不相信我比她得票多。
recycle  vt. 使再循环；使…重新利用The objective would be to recycle 98 percent of domestic waste.该目标是循环使用98%的生活垃圾。...a recycling plan.…一项回收利用计划。
redundant  adj. 多余的，过剩的；被解雇的，失业的；冗长的，累赘的Changes in technology may mean that once-valued skills are now redundant.技术的变化可能意味着从前受重视的技巧现在变得多余了。
refresh  vt. 更新；使……恢复；使……清新；消除……的疲劳The lotion cools and refreshes the skin.润肤液使皮肤凉爽清新。He awoke feeling completely refreshed.他醒来感觉精神完全恢复了。Many view these meetings as an occasion to share ideas and refresh friendship.很多人把这些聚会看作是交流思想、重叙友情的机会。He walked on the opposite side of the street to refresh his memory of the building.他走在街对面，以唤起对这栋大楼的记忆。I've refreshed the page a few times and still see no comments.这一页我已经反复刷新了几次，但是仍未见到任何评论。
regime  n. 政权，政体；社会制度；管理体制...the collapse of the Fascist regime at the end of the war.…战争结束时法西斯统治的崩溃。The authorities moved him to the less rigid regime of an open prison.当局把他移送到管理相对宽松的不设防监狱。He has a new fitness regime to strengthen his back.他有一套新的健康养生法来加强他的背部力量。
regiment  vt. 把…编成团；严格地管制...robust food, good enough to satisfy a regiment of hungry customers.…足够让一大批饥饿的顾客吃饱的丰盛食物。
rehearse  vt. 排练；预演In his version, a group of actors are rehearsing a play about Joan of Arc.按他说，一群演员正在排练一出关于圣女贞德的戏。Tens of thousands of people have been rehearsing for the opening ceremony in the new stadium.数万人一直在新体育场里为开幕式进行排练。Anticipate any tough questions and rehearse your answers.事先预想会有任何难的问题，然后在心里预演你的答复。
rein  n. 缰绳；驾驭；统治；支配Cord held the reins while the stallion tugged and snorted.当那匹牡马使劲挣扎，打着响鼻的时候，科德勒紧了缰绳。He was determined to see the party keep a hold on the reins of power.他决心要确保该党继续执掌政权。The government continued to believe it should give free rein to the private sector in transportation.政府继续认为应该给私营运输部门充分的自由。Her parents kept her on a tight rein with their narrow and inflexible views.她的父母目光短浅而又固执地严格控制着她。
rejoice  vi. 高兴；庆祝Garbo plays the queen, rejoicing in the love she has found with Antonio.嘉宝饰演沉浸在与安东尼奥爱情的欣喜中的王后。Party activists in New Hampshire rejoiced that the presidential campaign had finally started.新罕布什尔州的党派积极分子们为总统竞选活动终于开始而欣喜。There was general rejoicing at the news.这个消息带来一片欣喜。
relish  n. 滋味；风味；食欲；开胃小菜；含义；调味品I relish the challenge of doing jobs that others turn down.我喜欢接受挑战做别人拒绝做的工作。The three men ate with relish.那3个人吃得津津有味。
remainder  n. [数] 余数，残余；剩余物；其余的人He gulped down the remainder of his coffee.他一口喝完了剩下的咖啡。Only 5.9 percent of the area is now covered in trees. Most of the remainder is farmland.该地区现在的树木覆盖率仅为5.9％。剩余部分大多是农田。
reminiscence  n. 回忆；怀旧；引起联想的相似事物Here I am boring you with my reminiscences.我的这些陈年老事让你烦了吧。
remnant  n. 剩余Beneath the present church were remnants of Roman flooring.在目前的这座教堂下面还有残余的古罗马地板。
removal  n. 免职；移动；排除；搬迁What they expected to be the removal of a small lump turned out to be major surgery.他们本以为只是切除一个小肿块，结果却成了个大手术。
renew  vt. 使更新；续借；续费；复兴；重申He renewed his attack on government policy toward Europe.他重新开始抨击政府的欧洲政策。When the two men met again after the war they renewed their friendship.当这两个男人战后重逢时，他们恢复了友谊。Larry's landlord threatened not to renew his lease.拉里的房东威胁说不再让他续租。Nature's repair process is slow and steady, with cells being constantly renewed.自然的修复过程缓慢而稳定，在此过程中细胞不断再生。
renowned  adj. 著名的；有声望的The area is renowned for its Romanesque churches.这个地区以其罗马式教堂闻名。
repay  vi. 偿还；报答；报复He advanced funds of his own to his company, which was unable to repay him.他把自己的资金预付给公司，公司却未能偿还给他。It was very kind. I don't know how I can ever repay you.太好了。我不知道怎样才能报答你。
reproduce  vt. 复制；再生；生殖；使…在脑海中重现The effect has proved hard to reproduce.这种效果经证实很难再造。We are grateful to you for permission to reproduce this article.我们很感激您允许我们复印这篇文章。If we can reproduce the form we have shown in the last couple of months we will be successful.如果我们能够重演上两个月表现出来的状态，我们就会成功。...a society where women are defined by their ability to reproduce.…一个以生育能力来定位妇女角色的社会。We are reproducing ourselves at such a rate that our numbers threaten the ecology of the planet.我们繁衍得如此之快，以至于人口数量威胁到地球的生态系统。Treatments using assisted reproduction techniques jumped 30 percent.使用辅助技术的生育疗法猛增了30％。
resent  vt. 怨恨；愤恨；厌恶She resents her mother for being so tough on her.她恨她的妈妈对她如此苛刻。
resort  n. 凭借，手段；度假胜地；常去之地His punishing work schedule had made him resort to drugs.他那累人的工作日程已经使他不得不求助于毒品了。Congress has a responsibility to ensure that all peaceful options are exhausted before resort to war.国会有责任确保在所有和平的手段用尽之后再诉诸武力。Nuclear weapons should be used only as a last resort.核武器应该只被用作最后手段。The ski resorts are expanding to meet the growing number of skiers that come here.该滑雪胜地正在扩建以应付来这里滑雪的不断增长的人数。
resourceful  adj. 资源丰富的；足智多谋的；机智的He was amazingly inventive and resourceful, and played a major role in my career.他极具创造力又足智多谋，在我的职业生涯中起了重要的作用。Because of his adventures, he is a person of far greater experience and resourcefulness.由于他的各种冒险经历，他是个在经验和足智多谋上都远胜一筹的人。
responsive  adj. 响应的；应答的；回答的Harriet was an easy, responsive little girl.哈丽特是个随和、敏感的小姑娘。This condition decreases sexual desire and responsiveness.这种情况会降低性的欲望和敏感。With an election coming soon, your representative should be very responsive to your request.大选在即，你们的代表应该对你们的要求作出迅速积极的反应。Such responsiveness to public pressure is extraordinary.对公众压力如此快速积极的反应是非凡的。
restrict  vt. 限制；约束；限定There is talk of raising the admission requirements to restrict the number of students on campus.有提高录取条件来限制校园里学生数量的说法。Since the costs of science were rising faster than inflation, some restriction on funding was necessary.既然科学成本上涨快于通货膨胀，资助上的一些限制是必要的。The government imprisoned dissidents, forbade travel, and restricted the press.政府关押了持不同政见者，禁止了出游，限制了新闻自由。...the justification for this restriction of individual liberty.…对限制个人自由的辩护。For the first two weeks, patients are restricted to the grounds.最初两周病人们被限制在院内活动。Trustees had decided to restrict university entry to about 30 percent of applicants.董事们已经决定把大学入学率限定在申请人数的30％左右。
restructure  vt. 调整；重建；更改结构The president called on educators and politicians to help him restructure American education.该总统号召教育家和政治家们帮助他重新建构美国的教育。The company is to lay off 1,520 workers as part of a restructuring.作为改组的一部分，这家公司将解雇1520名工人。
